6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too too too too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different different different different heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of of of of the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders leaders leaders leaders called the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real real real real good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with with with with golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man man man man on the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don Don Don Don that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but but but but true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I I I I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So So So So true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle middle middle middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I I I I lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense sense sense sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars Templars Templars Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine nine nine nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been a while while while while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've gone gone gone gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on on on on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few ways ready to to to to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to to to to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only only only only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open open open open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed crazed crazed crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking shocking shocking shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness Madness Madness Madness special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals quarterfinals quarterfinals quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the the the the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason reason reason reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little little little little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to to to to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling rolling rolling rolling with pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this this this this episode is I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call call call call from a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're we're we're we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys guys guys guys are swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or or or or we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of of of of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel chapel chapel chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us for for for for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal signal signal signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured structured structured structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think think think think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to to to to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm I'm I'm I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the the the the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of of of of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many many many many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start your dog dog dog dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 and you can can can can download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on training, training, training, training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as a a a a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and and and and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but but but but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster Faster Faster Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on on on on the podium. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be be be be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm trying trying trying trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about about about about beating a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my my my my wife. It's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring pouring pouring pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start start start start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just started started started started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah. That's That's That's That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good day for for for for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt from the mountain mountain mountain mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition condition condition condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the cold muddy water water water water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down down down down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger bigger bigger bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this this this this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a a a a huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're we're we're we're actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories theories theories theories about how adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in in in in Hollywood. We are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after after after after these sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about about about about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let let let let you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends friends friends friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that that that that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where where where where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of of of of going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll roll roll roll around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years years years years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through through through through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in that that that that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just like you you you you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been been been been told I have read that back in the day a massive School of of of of sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines sardines sardines sardines was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its its its its tracks and push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for for for for better in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next Next Next Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active active active active Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question question question question mark on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who who who who showed a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before before before before the trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do do do do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast podcast podcast podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and and and and their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you you you you stay tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths three-eighths three-eighths three-eighths of the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So So So So if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make make make make sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your your your your family to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll I'll I'll I'll be more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So So So So let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up up up up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I I I I think I think that it's it's where we find peace when we we we we accept that. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you you you you to know that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, right, right, right, they may look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their their their their life that they're really focused on and really paying a lot of of of of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other other other other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app app app app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've They've They've They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including music music music music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or or or or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to get started. In In In In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in 5 minutes per day day day day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only only only only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your your your your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for for for for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by by by by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him him him him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at at at at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this this this this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple Triple Triple Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you you you you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian comedian comedian comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is is is is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You can record record record record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel travel travel travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it it it it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads uploads uploads uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a podcast podcast podcast podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for for for for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk talk talk talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller Keller Keller Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen Helen Helen Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was was was was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and and and and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how how how how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case case case case we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or or or or something like that. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really really really really too bad. We couldn't have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the the the the lotion story because It's part of it is like the visual is at least least least least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell tell tell tell ya but the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of of of of March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video video video video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables cables cables cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of of of of choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change change change change the copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Chase Chase Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out out out out to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to to to to chase again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear hear hear hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the the the the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as as as as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain rain rain rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of of of of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you you you you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears tears tears tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be be be be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his his his his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We We We We hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to to to to our podcast that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're We're We're We're trying to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some some some some stories going to get you, you know a feel for what we're we're we're we're going to be doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big big big big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended recommended recommended recommended gotten us past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on on on on the right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment moment moment moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to to to to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that that that that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their their their their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your your your your phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor anchor anchor anchor so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming streaming streaming streaming service you can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place place place place just on their app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets buckets buckets buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here here here here recording just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided decided decided decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My My My My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London London London London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to to to to win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals Royals Royals Royals and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well well well well that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole whole whole whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But But But But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just going going going going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend and I I I I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game and the the the the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick quick quick quick minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, anger, anger, anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain explain explain explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the the the the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without without without without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you you you you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download download download download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to to to to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse browse browse browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you you you you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical mechanical mechanical mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of of of of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find find find find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get cornered cornered cornered cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have have have have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay stay stay stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey journey journey journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become become become become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers Myers Myers Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going going going going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni Jenni Jenni Jenni and I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop stop stop stop who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if if if if you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one one one one the beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew knew knew knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally finally finally finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has has has has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to to to to do with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind kind kind kind of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and and and and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m m m m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, month, month, month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I I I I think it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your your your your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that that that that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one one one one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking about about about about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on on on on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally literally literally literally have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the the the the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I I I I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make make make make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also also also also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also also also also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I I I I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's wedding's wedding's wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just know that that that that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the the the the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and and and and we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with with with with well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where where where where you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this this this this is you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted wanted wanted wanted to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to to to to look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you you you you listen to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind kind kind kind of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God God God God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific specific specific specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll I'll I'll I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I I I I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as as as as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through through through through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will we we we we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this this this this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's that's that's that's fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was was was was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this this this this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book book book book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover cover cover cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- s-- s-- s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here here here here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a a a a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How How How How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready ready ready ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about to to to to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up up up up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set set set set my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a a a a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, like, like, like, whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they they they they beat Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We We We We are good for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to to to to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of of of of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account account account account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're you're you're you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss miss miss miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if if if if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no no no no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to to to to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library library library library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which which which which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily daily daily daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast podcast podcast podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this episode episode episode episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially essentially essentially essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're they're they're they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one one one one minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little little little little bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has has has has certain rules and regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set set set set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on on on on I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you have have have have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people watching on YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your normal podcast app, app, app, app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient patient patient patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He He He He would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of of of of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 13 13 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was was was was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's 's 's 's I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training training training training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power power power power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one one one one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this this this this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we we we we get into that, I want to give a shout out so over the last couple couple couple couple of weeks. I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a a a a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into into into into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for for for for divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose purpose purpose purpose. I am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find find find find your light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual topics share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul soul soul soul having a human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea Sea Sea Sea of Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the the the the aura room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about a month since since since since my last episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know know know know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement basement basement basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance chance chance chance to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot shot shot shot. The top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a a a a towering Drive. I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger larger larger larger Bay topped it off too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed missed missed missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My My My My friends and family smile is working on make fun of me, but I'm a a a a make them eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like Like Like Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire billionaire billionaire billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like a a a a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to to to to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we just just just just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some some some some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in in in in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort escort escort escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you see see see see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm I'm I'm I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and advices advices advices advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry industry industry industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking talking talking talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier. Well, Well, Well, Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my my my my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for over over over over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to do it it it it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if if if if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all all all all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's There's There's There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so so so so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on on on on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money from from from from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, away, away, away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all all all all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box and I'll look this way way way way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself myself myself myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves thieves thieves thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on on on on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick up up up up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uncle uncle uncle uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back back back back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have have have have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want want want want to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series series series series famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous famous famous famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is is is is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain certain certain certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about about about about my son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three three three three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees degrees degrees degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have have have have finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't don't don't don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree degree degree degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He He He He was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Toad Toad Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie movie movie movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode episode episode episode of I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay Okay Okay Okay. So today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be be be be joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st st st st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I I I I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it it it it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard heard heard heard about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to to to to explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a a a a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's That's That's That's not how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead ahead ahead ahead and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a a a a spool back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify for music, but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other other other other podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's not not not not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode episode episode episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain complain complain complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's let's let's let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, right? right right right You know you want okay do it. You know you already did did did did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out out out out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to to to to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, wow, wow, wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those those those those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going going going going to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm I'm I'm I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to to to to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay okay okay okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to to to to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting sitting sitting sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one one one one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great great great great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit bit bit bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you you you you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on on on on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever whenever whenever whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded downloaded downloaded downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download download download download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in in in in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never never never never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode episode episode episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any any any any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out out out out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that that that that sort of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out out out out like NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement retirement retirement retirement with calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody everybody everybody everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, mean, mean, mean, I love free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to to to to record and edit your own podcast right from your phone or computer and and and and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that way people can hear your podcast podcast podcast podcast you can make Money from your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast podcast podcast podcast for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey journey journey journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget to to to to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back back back back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking paper paper paper paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about the the the the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within within within within you grunting as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree tree tree tree of life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And And And And I calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the the the the sounds of making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath breath breath breath the Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make make make make me high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really really really really appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying studying studying studying the Bible in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which which which which is something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to to to to talk about it more and today we're looking at. And really really really really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really really really really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with with with with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up a high mountain mountain mountain mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today as as as as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just just just just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you'd want to say say say say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode. I would like like like like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where you need help help help help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available to help you at at at at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed discussed discussed discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding Wizarding Wizarding Wizarding World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were were were were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings feelings feelings feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of of of of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is is is is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet tweet tweet tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join join join join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in in in in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I I I I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening listening listening listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a a a a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to to to to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to to to to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages messages messages messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, keep keep keep keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels channels channels channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard of so it it it it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're you're you're you're listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in in in in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it it it it. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm I'm I'm I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, again, again, again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums drums drums drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so this this this this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting getting getting getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm I'm I'm I'm procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost almost almost almost seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my my my my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago ago ago ago. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And And And And so I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with with with with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this this this this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around around around around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel travel travel travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I I I I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, morning, morning, morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball baseball baseball baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game game game game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and and and and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game game game game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do do do do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their their their their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode 17 17 17 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually happening happening happening happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is is is is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age. I I I I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's musician's musician's musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold cold cold cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio Studio Studio Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking looking looking looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce announce announce announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to to to to welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge Edge Edge Edge today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone everyone everyone everyone in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast coast coast coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this this this this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought thought thought thought about starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and and and and foremost, it's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or computer. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast podcast podcast podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from from from from your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first first first first in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you you you you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we we we we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it it it it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as as as as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are are are are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure sure sure sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and and and and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is is is is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying saying saying saying this because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air air air air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very very very very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front front front front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And And And And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small small small small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights lights lights lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me me me me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The first thing thing thing thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They They They They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name name name name is Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last last last last episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, episode, episode, episode, I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going going going going so I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to to to to kind of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the the the the best way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked talked talked talked about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am am am am a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards cards cards cards the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with with with with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's Here's Here's Here's basically what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never never never never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling fling fling fling flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is is is is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, words, words, words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to to to to you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time time time time at the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really really really really date myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And And And And it's Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you you you you gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a a a a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity electricity electricity electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working working working working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I have have have have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad bad bad bad reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the the the the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of of of of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that that that that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are are are are a few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after after after after one year one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is is is is that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the the the the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies companies companies companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet closet closet closet sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner owner owner owner of seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year year year year. I've created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures postures postures postures in the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop Stop Stop Stop along the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help help help help you enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time full-time full-time full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Christina Christina Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all all all all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going to to to to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for another another another another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want want want want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher teacher teacher teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, languages, languages, languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it those those those those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very very very very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane kahane kahane kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career career career career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies bodies bodies bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did did did did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is is is is Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it it it it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on on on on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the the the the theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your your your your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or or or or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is is is is important information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even even even even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication communication communication communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the the the the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have have have have a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and and and and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2 2 2 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really really really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really really really really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast podcast podcast podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd I'd I'd I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just just just just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to to to to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring in in in in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality disorder and and and and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host for this this this this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and and and and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode episode episode episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at at at at swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of the the the the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is expecting from from from from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the quality quality quality quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted wanted wanted wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new new new new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as as as as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally formally formally formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented presented presented presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not not not not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made to to to to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department and and and and helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for the legislature legislature legislature legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected selected selected selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with with with with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety variety variety variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope hope hope hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not not not not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night. He He He He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows arrows arrows arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and and and and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the the the the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features features features features marble is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the the the the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you you you you back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to to to to be talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a a a a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently currently currently currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life life life life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost almost almost almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me me me me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better better better better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and and and and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just just just just change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as as as as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out out out out of the money song that that one money song that we've been using using using using boy. You better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have have have have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready ready ready ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual usual usual usual. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because because because because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for for for for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T T T T show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video video video video series we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really really really really appreciate you guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm I'm I'm I'm making this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and and and and 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of of of of you know, the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are are are are some undervalued cards of is right. Now that people can go out and buy buy buy buy based on what his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're we're we're we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television television television television and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to to to to work on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour hour hour hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be be be be directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work work work work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's it's it's it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's It's It's It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk talk talk talk about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Stop Stop Stop Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news news news news coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy Legacy Legacy Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say say say say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because because because because that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was was was was trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show show show show and that he Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show show show show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three three three three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get get get get anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how how how how convenient anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored anchored anchored anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be be be be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but but but but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And And And And this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is is is is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a a a a whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next next next next week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up up up up. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby baby baby baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener listener listener listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Minister Minister Minister Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been been been been taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door door door door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Narrow Narrow Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his his his his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and and and and sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face face face face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the the the the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, alright, alright, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like like like like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, right, right, right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we we we we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, so listen. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going going going going to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you you you you Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, Now, Now, Now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that we we we we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join us us us us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We We We We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks talks talks talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a a a a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining joining joining joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving wife and you've been been been been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours and hours and and and and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older children children children children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with other elbow elbow elbow elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is is is is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment fragment fragment fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to six six six six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 2 1 1 1 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these are are are are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a a a a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as as as as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today Today Today Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce introduce introduce introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified certified certified certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 50 50 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have have have have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So So So So literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be be be be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and and and and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that you need need need need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A A A A schnee. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with with with with a name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach coach coach coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this this this this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my my my my favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free free free free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on on on on my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes distributes distributes distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others others others others at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of of of of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough enough enough enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me me me me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which Which Which Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- m-- m-- m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind kind kind kind of host how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me me me me today the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is is is is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to to to to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to to to to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel feel feel feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a a a a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am am am am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and days days days days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass Portobellos Portobellos Portobellos Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to his right right right right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? There? It is is is is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear him. I don't don't don't don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we welcome on a very very very very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my my my my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do do do do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I I I I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I kind kind kind kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you here girl girl girl girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself. I I I I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine to to to to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you you you you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do do do do you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not not not not much stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback comeback comeback comeback kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where where where where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about about about about house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in in in in. Yep. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back on on on on board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I I I I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times times times times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still still still still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not not not not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to to to to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the the the the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in a horrific horrific horrific horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people looked at firefighters firefighters firefighters firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service to to to to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you you you you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is is is is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 1910 1910 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on on on on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and we we we we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started the the the the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the the the the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice when I I I I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is is is is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see see see see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd you'd you'd you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash slash slash slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code code code code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save save save save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether Whether Whether Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you you you you so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining joining joining joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic logic logic logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we we we we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events events events events. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels Wheels Wheels Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head head head head on over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a a a a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle Doyle Doyle Doyle an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking fucking fucking fucking week yesterday was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got got got got with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now Now Now Now but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on on on on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you you you you didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was was was was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you you you you to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are Are Are Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life life life life. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my my my my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would say say say say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's It's It's It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I I I I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the the the the go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon a a a a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received an an an an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but but but but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As As As As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred preferred preferred preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment empowerment empowerment empowerment podcast the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in in in in our industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become become become become part of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact impact impact impact on this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show show show show. I'm here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never never never never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? right right right You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start start start start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard starboard starboard starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our leadership leadership leadership leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat down down down down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, journey, journey, journey, and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international international international international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode episode episode episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in senior senior senior senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler Chandler Chandler Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new new new new gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super super super super show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed stayed stayed stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my immediate immediate immediate immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having you here. So So So So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB pulp. Well, Well, Well, Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for Paul's Paul's Paul's Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the the the the world. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your your your your host other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's It's It's It's about the start of any number two. And before we get going we want want want want to give a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Star Star Star Sports the premier enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving receiving receiving receiving game going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array array array array of great training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus focus focus focus framer or even the glove that was designed by our very own own own own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly weekly weekly weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a a a a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill fulfill fulfill fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog blog blog blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for for for for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now now now now have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the the the the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you you you you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time time time time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, fact, fact, fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy energy energy energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells cells cells cells into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are are are are Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi Philippi Philippi Philippi. The run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform transform transform transform your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes athletes athletes athletes the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the the the the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be be be be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so so so so fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep deep deep deep dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How How How How to gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous previous previous previous background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic aerobic aerobic aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have have have have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all all all all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or or or or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there there there there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to sports sports sports sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports sports sports sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've we've we've we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder co-founder co-founder co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, Hub, Hub, Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over over over over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was was was was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host host host host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is is is is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a a a a third. She's basically like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if if if if I'm gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope dope dope dope lady fire you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like like like like us that I just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking looking looking looking through website. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush brush brush brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and and and and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women women women women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, she she she she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana Louisiana Louisiana Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila Laila Laila Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We We We We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve achieve achieve achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's Let's Let's Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many many many many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did it it it it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it was was was was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat on my my my my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I I I I hope y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even even even even introduced Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced introduced introduced introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of of of of you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and and and and it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways Anyways Anyways Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great great great great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something something something something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm I'm I'm I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic topic topic topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered covered covered covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard of of of of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's there's there's there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once once once once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can can can can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank Thank Thank Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells tells tells tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as as as as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there there there there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your your your your host Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which I'll I'll I'll I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about for for for for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about about about about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we we we we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or or or or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and and and and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave gave gave gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips tips tips tips and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how how how how they can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in in in in their career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you you you you know, bigger and ours and work with a and ours at labels as as as as well. So so this is a great one so strap in and enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more information on how Studio talk can can can can help you out. Check us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up up up up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management management management management and artist development company. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on on on on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm your your your your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today today today today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk talk talk talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me me me me a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to to to to everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him on on on on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always talk talk talk talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect category to kind of of of of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five minutes minutes minutes minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to to to to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the the the the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience experience experience experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept concept concept concept of not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If If If If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a a a a nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good good good good score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets Rockets Rockets Rockets just a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a a a a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but but but but anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides besides besides besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna Acuna Acuna Acuna jr. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them them them them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah. Now I had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off off off off because I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you you you you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over to our our our our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe maybe maybe maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and see what what what what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just just just just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so so so so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into into into into in the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in in in in and we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank thank thank thank you so much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the the the the woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each each each each one of these that we do we also plan to have a a a a lot of different different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different different different different co-hosts that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the the the the first of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how how how how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just just just just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way way way way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for for for for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your your your your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and and and and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's That's That's That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can can can can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing addressing addressing addressing probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time time time time Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that that that that he's staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put put put put it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been been been been in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one one one one team just doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me me me me. So it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and and and and play for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get get get get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your your your your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk talk talk talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to to to to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the the the the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on on on on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about about about about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could could could could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all all all all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FMcom FMcom FMcom FMcom. To get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going going going going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense sense sense sense of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look into into into into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Adam Adam Adam Kaplan Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get get get get enough free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you you you you left like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had had had had a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis Indianapolis. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we both both both both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So So So So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people people people people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's it's it's it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three three three three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are we gonna gonna gonna gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all hate mail to to to to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie where they they they they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current timeline like like like like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm playing would would would would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you you you you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So what are are are are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like medieval don't you you you you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we we we we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording recording recording recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools tools tools tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer computer computer computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This This This This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get get get get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 20 20 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a a a a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are going to to to to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask where where where where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing because you're you're you're you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind of of of of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the usual usual usual usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references and of of of of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted assisted assisted assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be be be be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing episode 120 120 120 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons today Sergio Sergio Sergio Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about all the new new new new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a very special interview interview interview interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East East East East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You You You You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a a a a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of news and then I I I I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's just just just just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say thank thank thank thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going going going going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close to to to to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you know know know know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally Finally Finally Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Luke Luke Luke Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say say say say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram following following following following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank you to everyone everyone everyone everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action and the repercussions repercussions repercussions repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story story story story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss loss loss loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk walk walk walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the relegation relegation relegation relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social social social social media a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories stories stories stories insights experimentation and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to to to to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working working working working on a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media. We We We We can't wait to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We We We We wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of of of of the most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog blog blog blog posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to to to to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily daily daily daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with with with with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in in in in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 4 4 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if if if if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a a a a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent we we we we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on we we we we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan groan groan groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to to to to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to to to to record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free free free free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and and and and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with with with with friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and and and and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I I I I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you you you you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the the the the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my my my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we we we we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their their their their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers teachers teachers teachers for on here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate rate rate rate and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have Have Have Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used used used used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a a a a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings learnings learnings learnings on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been been been been a game-changer for her and her students. My students came to school on the second second second second day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I I I I was just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much much much much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are are are are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, Well, Well, Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh get get get get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into the foreign exchange exchange exchange exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty pretty pretty pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You You You You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 50 50 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 20 20 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+ A+ A+ A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her her her her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think think think think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming to to to to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Lara Lara Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed passed passed passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with with with with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's It's It's It's all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share with with with with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and and and and it's all about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion of of of of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture culture culture culture conversation coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life life life life. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand stand stand stand it. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and and and and said, oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be making more more more more black looking things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this this this this is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the the the the first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory Armory Armory Armory show in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of of of of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed managed managed managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're you're you're you're listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes Sykes Sykes Sykes. Thank you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If If If If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from from from from the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules rules rules rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour pour pour pour yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record record record record my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and and and and I absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will will will will even distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to to to to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and and and and I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it it it it from my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many many more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me me me me because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make make make make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles circles circles circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily Emily Emily Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a a a a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and it's beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and take take take take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge bridge bridge bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John Hopkins Hopkins Hopkins Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United United United United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had had had had any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia from our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the the the the end of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside outside outside outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North North North North of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in in in in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them them them them were there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here here here here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people people people people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from from from from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson lesson lesson lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We are outside outside outside outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but it it it it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows cheese cheese cheese cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff. People People People People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to this. How'd How'd How'd How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself yourself yourself yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been been been been in the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the the the the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most most most most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from from from from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation motivation motivation motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you you you you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description description description description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard Richard Richard Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to be be be be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things things things things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England lived lived lived lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life life life life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to to to to survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people within a a a a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and if if if if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around one one one one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of of of of Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is is is is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually actually actually actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as as as as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said said said said that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have had classes Zach Zach Zach Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's It's It's It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months months months months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want want want want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I I I I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having the the the the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but but but but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues. It's all all all all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, if if if if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to to to to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and and and and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as as as as we always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that that that that I've barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your your your your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you you you you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life life life life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you you you you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the the the the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share share share share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into my my my my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself yourself yourself yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is Is Is Is he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom bottom bottom bottom of the mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction introduction introduction introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into into into into the house and either places something into the hand of the ball by by by by it or take something out of his open hand and brings it out out out out and then D is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of of of of I'll be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble Marble Marble Marble our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts acts acts acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place place place place of rest then to is traversing which is to either transfer it over over over over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe Joe Joe Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, so, so, so, um, I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist therapist therapist therapist. And I work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, Westford, Westford, Westford, and I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have have have have more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast podcast podcast podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I I I I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast podcast podcast podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor anchor anchor anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's It's It's It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you you you you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You can can can can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are are are are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like these these these these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the coach coach coach coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the second second second second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got to to to to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get to hear hear hear hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we kind kind kind kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want want want want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked a a a a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my my my my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into into into into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try try try try to like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture picture picture picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like like like like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, like, like, like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a a a a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower shower shower shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She She She She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank Thank you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you it it it it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for for for for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for for for for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by yourself. Cough Cough Cough Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you know, you have to to to to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the part of you you you you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far now you know, know, know, know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow today and we just just just just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old old old old daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, worse, worse, worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick brick brick brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders murders murders murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of of of of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a young young young young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the the the the podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht neht neht neht and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology technology technology technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider consider consider consider what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus Gus Gus Gus whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and and and and revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy Daisy Daisy Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and and and and the author of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of of of of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the fucking fucking fucking fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is is is is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and the the the the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D D D D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time this this this this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News News News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a a a a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that that that that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware unaware unaware unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that that that that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she she she she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out out out out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states states states states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has financed financed financed financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in in in in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content creator a a a a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am not not not not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she she she she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you you you you who's that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick Nick Nick Nick and Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host host host host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd how'd how'd how'd you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely barely barely barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there there there there be but it was there. We took the we just say major so we had had had had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this this this this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter planter planter planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part part part part of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as as as as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people people people people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree tree tree tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings seedlings seedlings seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences experiences experiences experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light light light light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel shovel shovel shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting planting planting planting as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're you're you're you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast in in in in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop drop drop drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build build build build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different different different different levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products products products products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What What What What type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want want want want to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding finding finding finding are ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this this this this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going going going going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at at at at all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to to to to build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I I I I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for for for for you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce produce produce produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven proven proven proven to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real real real real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain overtrain overtrain overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out out out out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you you you you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with with with with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible Bible Bible Bible passages to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've I've I've I've had trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen listen listen listen to the word of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest rest rest rest And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let Let Let Let It Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K out out out out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it on on on on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like like like like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list given on on on on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch and recline recline recline recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller and I I I I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome to to to to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa Villa Villa Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that that that that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy spicy spicy spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to to to to start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back back back back. Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw raw raw raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of of of of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your your your your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on on on on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever take take take take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge of the the the the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior. I I I I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as as as as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest guest guest guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but but but but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I I I I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to to to to be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in in in in and he told me on the spot that it was going to be be be be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You You You You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day day day day. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 60 60 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's very very very very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM that that that that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time and 5 pm pm pm pm. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate you you you you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, so, so, so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful successful successful successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create create create create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward forward forward forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I I I I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as as as as unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by by by by other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that that that that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here here here here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from Murder Murder Murder Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing great great great great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah yeah yeah yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, scenario, scenario, scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do do do do this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking fucking fucking fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we we we we put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't don't don't don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks docks docks docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering covering covering covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries discoveries discoveries discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the the the the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news on on on on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if like us us us us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that is is is is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for for for for adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi Takashi Takashi Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to to to to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was was was was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little little little little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I I I I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me me me me out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in in in in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can can can can lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure lure lure lure party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our our our our favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today today today today we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have have have have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock BioShock BioShock BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I I I I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part part part part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this this this this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are some some some some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If this this this this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back back back back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that that that that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way that that that that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you know know know know where she came from part 1 is all about her life as a young young young young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman and and and and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside outside outside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're talking talking talking talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair of sisters sisters sisters sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck and and and and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in a country country country country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained in in in in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can can can can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith Smith Smith Smith. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello hello hello hello. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free free free free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring tiring tiring tiring long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now now now now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires fires fires fires are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first first first first place of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due due due due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't don't don't don't care if technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at at at at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the the the the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers Flyers Flyers Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and and the topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I I I I got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is is is is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching coaching coaching coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got got got got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his his his his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends friends friends friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told him him him him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a a a a podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is is is is not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I I I I everything about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that that that that Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe believe believe believe nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to talk about about about about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First First First First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and they're going going going going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time they're going going going going to throw it in used at least that we know of so read a a a a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before we we we we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during the regular regular regular regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've given given given given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with with with with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about about about about anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you you you you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So you can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode episode episode episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's It's It's It's your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded sounded sounded sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind Blind Blind Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form form form form of a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it it it it by using anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you you you you everything you need in one place and you can produce the the the the show right from your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation creation creation creation tools allow anyone with the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it it it it sounds great. They'll even distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You You You You can also easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the the the the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money up up up up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software paying paying paying paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you can make money from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm Firm Firm Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, lawyer, lawyer, lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing losing losing losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of of of of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts hosts hosts hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month month month month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about about about about all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up up up up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had had had had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs that that that that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and spoke spoke spoke spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted wanted wanted wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible possible possible possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a a a a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for for for for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a a a a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record record record record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor anchor anchor anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about about about about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear hear hear hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called called called called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up up up up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the the the the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my my my my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just Just Just Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how are are are are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old old old old same old. I need to start this though with a bit of respect here. It's It's It's It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record record record record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as as as as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need need need need in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my my my my friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion Lion Lion Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion Lion Lion Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soapcom soapcom soapcom soapcom. They make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so so so so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, Avi, Avi, Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the the the the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first first first first time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're we're we're we're going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss miss miss miss any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think think think think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed speed speed speed dog? We talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call call call call him. Oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of of of of diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them them them them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can can can can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, right, right, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the the the the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, show, show, show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you you you you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of of of of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi hi hi hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into into into into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video video video video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs drugs drugs drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell tell tell tell you that at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought thought thought thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition apparition apparition apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high high high high Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors seniors seniors seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude laude laude laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately approximately approximately approximately four hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We We We We have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George George George George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is is is is state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Georgia Georgia Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved involved involved involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In In In In the last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and and and and up as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 dead. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 70 70 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the the the the governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death death death death in the US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country country country country. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at at at at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do do do do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just just just just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night night night night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all y'all y'all y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Star Star Star Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the the the the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba Jabba Jabba Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon Falcon Falcon Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam cam cam cam and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives lives lives lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture culture culture culture. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Dan Dan Dan Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch watch watch watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's there's there's there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we we we we have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like like like like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and and and and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from from from from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many many many many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money money money money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind grind grind grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to to to to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App App App App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's going going going going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything and and and and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing amazing amazing amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and and then topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your your your your girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Dominic Dominic Dominic Deanna who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other other other other day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously obviously obviously obviously the video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there there there there it's like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can can can can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing cursing cursing cursing each other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the basics basics basics basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your your your your own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm I'm I'm I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming coming coming coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So So So So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this this this this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is is is is right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local local local local bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is is is is just yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the the the the back to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say say say say The Boys Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that that that that the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I I I I wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you you you you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see random things. I support my right right right right to party and you always you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what what what what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I I I I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State State State State Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to to to to apply to occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are are are are so proud of her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she she she she studied for her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball basketball basketball basketball NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot lot lot lot of knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence confidence confidence confidence. We're going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some some some some really tough situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep keep keep keep going in the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design design design design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment alignment alignment alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not not not not working so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you you you you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income income income income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in a a a a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care and and and and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted crafted crafted crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation meditation meditation meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use use use use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show show show show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend recommend recommend recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on on on on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own own own own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers speakers speakers speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year year year year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over over over over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over over over over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic idyllic idyllic idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin Heroin Heroin Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The The The The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to hallucinate hallucinate hallucinate hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth fifth fifth fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December December December December quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from from from from 1.8% This means that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger larger larger larger than the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is is is is reading at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last last last last year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into into into into an S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and and and and the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since since since since I stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home home home home and just kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that that that that there are really great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So So So So go and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're you're you're you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk walk walk walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've we've we've we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings brings brings brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once Once Once Once a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you you you you can share your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy messy messy messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you you you you take your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time time time time to level up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl Cheryl Cheryl Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue tongue tongue tongue doesn't it? Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last last last last few weeks. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see see see see everyone sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page page page page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good good good good. And we're here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and and and and I know you are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I I I I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, Well, Well, Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're You're You're You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to to to to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is is is is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel feel feel feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that that that that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You You You You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice notice notice notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice notice notice notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you you you you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals individuals individuals individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid rid rid rid of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested requested requested requested by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads reads reads reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? development development development Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at at at at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones ones ones ones that are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every every every every book that I've read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give give give give you guys a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long long long long time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these these these these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I I I I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but but but but I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact fact fact fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it it it it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just just just just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be be be be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the the the the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen Nielsen Nielsen Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a a a a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro Astro Astro Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello Hello Hello Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of of of of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of of of of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried tried tried tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes episodes episodes episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the the the the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free free free free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low Low Low Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here here here here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give you you you you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first time time time time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an an an an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of of of of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say say say say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself myself myself myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan fan fan fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me me me me Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything everything everything everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't don't don't don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts amounts amounts amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All All All All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never never never never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now now now now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys guys guys guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're We're We're We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know how how how how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself on on on on the team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I I I I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a a a a reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Reese Reese Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below below below below the other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome welcome welcome welcome back to our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old old old old aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar familiar familiar familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this but their their their their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do a bomb bomb bomb bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my fun. If If If If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's that's that's that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two two two two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel feel feel feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly weekly weekly weekly podcast that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume costume costume costume and set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course course course course speaking with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the the the the curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight fight fight fight class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series series series series presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very very very very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November November November November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear hear hear hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well well well well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with with with with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very big big big big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for for for for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt felt felt felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of of of of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow follow follow follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or or or or if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to to to to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever wherever wherever wherever you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you you you you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D D D D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll I'll I'll I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you you you you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, sites, sites, sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic mic mic mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across across across across the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just just just just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be be be be halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're you're you're you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll I'll I'll I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the the the the benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation meditation meditation meditation of Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your your your your purpose gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and and and and I'm Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going going going going to be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away away away away. I'm going to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my my my my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort sort sort sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called called called called I dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you you you you to wake would that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor nor nor nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take take take take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and and and and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no no no no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing that that that that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast with with with with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I I I I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided to to to to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and and and and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter winter winter winter and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics topics topics topics that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce introduce introduce introduce each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each each each each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering covering covering covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and some some some some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do do do do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die die die die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke poke poke poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for for for for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I I I I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in in in in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into into into into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping flipping flipping flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is is is is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you you you you name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have have have have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like like like like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to to to to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts discounts discounts discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and and and and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet gourmet gourmet gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode episode episode episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles hustles hustles hustles and how most of you need to break out of the mold. So make make make make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know what what what what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're we're we're we're looking at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile fragile fragile fragile X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of of of of cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is is is is fmr1 on the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper hyper hyper hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want want want want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form form form form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast podcast podcast podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7 B7 B7 B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to to to to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with with with with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast today's episode episode episode episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks about about about about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and sizes sizes sizes sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what you thought with with with with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is about his son in in in in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian Christian Christian Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We We We We as people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church church church church gray areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome welcome welcome welcome open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant meant meant meant to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If If If If you have a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Marie Marie Marie Davies at God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part part part part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a a a a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all all all all right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really really really really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants participants participants participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's that's that's that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy guy guy guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on on on on page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast podcast podcast podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and and and and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God God God God Amy. Otto have but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota hota hota hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below below below below severe Katrina as he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me me me me I deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about about about about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's It's It's It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay pay pay pay you have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some some some some studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry carry carry carry you where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool tool tool tool in each one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than than than than 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for for for for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or or or or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today I'm going going going going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day happens happens happens happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right now now now now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's possible possible possible possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't really know what what what what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year. So so so so To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode episode episode episode were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian Colombian Colombian Colombian national team's loss in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain captain captain captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for for for for more shocking sports events from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness Madness Madness Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for for for for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed closed closed closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that that that that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash slash slash slash Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want want want want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part part part part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take take take take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being being being being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to do this this this this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your feedback feedback feedback feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here here here here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you. You You You You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our our our our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and and and and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a a a a while since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have have have have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for for for for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up up up up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the the the the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave leave leave leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on on on on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest some some some some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to to to to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I know know know know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak out out out out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I I I I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / like like like like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view view view view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better better better better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals in in in in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was was was was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for personal use use use use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting ready to to to to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the the the the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking poking poking poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun outrun outrun outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for for for for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and and and and had I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the the the the head and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be be be be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on on on on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source and and and and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some some some some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like like like like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know know know know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now now now now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're you're you're you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat chat chat chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and and and and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on on on on the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim aim aim aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic magic magic magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the the the the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're We're We're We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've We've We've We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore explore explore explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world world world world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the the the the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the the the the boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How How How How are we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today today today today. Like you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible incredible incredible incredible story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe believe believe believe what this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon Devon Devon Devon. He's having his location just a block away for over four years going it to the the the the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices voices voices voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes eyes eyes eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to to to to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform platform platform platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're you're you're you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent Rim Rim Rim Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting starting starting starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week. We got got got got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP MVP MVP MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going to touch on to attack attack attack attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co co co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here here here here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great pests who week week week week of sports the past week as far as been amazing. We got two great great great great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about about about about hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first first first first let me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's There's There's There's our main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the the the the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, Well, Well, Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for for for for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable suitable suitable suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a a a a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17 17 17 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago ago ago ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually usually usually usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this this this this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in in in in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, water, water, water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back back back back to the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with with with with the authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was was was was an amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle cycle cycle cycle. How do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow flow flow flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for for for for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about about about about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is is is is the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a a a a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first first first first oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? it it it I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that that that that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do do do do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you you you you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your your your your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, pockets, pockets, pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're you're you're you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do it. It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England England England England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms Realms Realms Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to to to to Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and and and and only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you you you you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? slowly slowly slowly Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my my my my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get get get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in in in in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is is is is no need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and and and and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool cool cool cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and and and and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our our our our time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey journey journey journey that led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what she she she she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it it it it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making making making making Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's it's it's it's usually a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally normally normally normally like analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait wait wait wait either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a a a a little my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that that that that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and and and and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I I I I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in in in in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was was was was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, mean, mean, mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time time time time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I I I I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious hilarious hilarious hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're You're You're You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he he he he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good good good good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Cricket Cricket Cricket Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so so so so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You You You You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out out out out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we we we we are as a church and I just want to I just want to take take take take this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper deeper deeper deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe we are are are are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be in in in in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy rainy rainy rainy January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of of of of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a a a a dimly lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She She She She had come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead instead instead instead. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today today today today. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High High High High School and a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as as as as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 2018 2018 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of of of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into into into into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer summer summer summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is is is is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life life life life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for for for for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the the the the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been been been been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my my my my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker Parker Parker Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines Airlines Airlines Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor doctor doctor doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage encourage encourage encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM FM FM FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did did did did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like like like like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor anchor anchor anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do do do do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast podcast podcast podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to to to to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to to to to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, content, content, content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want want want want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back back back back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the the the the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is is is is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk talk talk talk about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling selling selling selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you you you you a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and and and and they've asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of of of of changed my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my my my my aunts life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter Skeeter Skeeter Skeeter shop. But today I walked in there and I was trying to steal steal steal steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I I I I was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud bud bud bud. I got something I need to tell you want to take a seat right there there there there. Tie a seat right there. He said I want to tell you about something something something something that I found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right right right right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to to to to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is is is is Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've We've We've We've got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop scoop scoop scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and and and and see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on on on on still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's let's let's let's fucking do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this this this this is an interesting one and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously Obviously Obviously Obviously you guys that have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season season season season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business business business business of getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 11. I I I I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit a a a a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the the the the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks weeks weeks weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She really really really really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and and and and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each each each each lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at at at at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability accountability accountability accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the the the the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money In In In In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse verse verse verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career career career career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The The The The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and and and and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host host host host. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist stylist stylist stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to to to to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to be be be be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk through their struggles struggles struggles struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot lot lot lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill kill kill kill cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that that that that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments comments comments comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's that's that's that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira capoeira capoeira capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page page page page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not not not not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this this this this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you you you you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or or or or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth wealth wealth wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth wealth wealth wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about about about about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the the the the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be priced priced priced priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 verses verses verses verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You You You You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in in in in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love love love love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that that that that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as I have have have have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down one's life for for for for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank thank thank thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this one one one one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally totally totally totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can can can can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast podcast podcast podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up guys guys guys guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that mankind has has has has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I think think think think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's Molly's Molly's Molly's. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing playing playing playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with with with with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is is is is go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on on on on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This This This This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the the the the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is is is is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave leave leave leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's let's let's let's get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a a a a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of of of of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You You You You could love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but you you you you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is is is is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans fans fans fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake cake cake cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username username username username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the the the the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The The The The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain villain villain villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there there there there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then then then then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College College College College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? doing doing doing Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our our our our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started started started started with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I I I I had a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in in in in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came came came came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but but but but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way to make make make make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to provide you all with with with with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow me to record record record record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may remember Episodes Episodes Episodes Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it very easy for for for for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything you need to to to to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the the the the Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis exegesis exegesis exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter chapter chapter chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it it it it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this this this this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way way way way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his his his his sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need to to to to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with with with with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two two two two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley gooley gooley gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by by by by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy when polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers beers beers beers on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try try try try and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two two two two episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Conrad Conrad Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged him him him him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the the the the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this follow follow follow follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due to to to to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions discussions discussions discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word word word word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. I'll I'll I'll I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once you you you you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too many different different different different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only is Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to make money money money money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably probably probably probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true. How much is it it it it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show. So So So So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's it's it's it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening listening listening listening in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of of of of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening listening listening listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the the the the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you you you you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love love love love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can can can can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a a a a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles titles titles titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into into into into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about making authentic authentic authentic authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of Adventures in in in in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that that that that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make make make make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also also also also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host host host host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but but but but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the the the the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with with with with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your your your your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other other other other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make make make make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it it it it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness witness witness witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't don't don't don't know about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to to to to pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to to to to work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions questions questions questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and and and and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our belt belt belt belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start with with with with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a list this this this this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we were were were were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian but but but but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this this this this podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through through through through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time messy messy messy messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good good good good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just going going going going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what that that that that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little little little little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection reflection reflection reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously anonymously anonymously anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth myth myth myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable marriageable marriageable marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in in in in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a a a a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas empanadas empanadas empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom Shalom Shalom Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked attacked attacked attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was was was was asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? fans fans fans Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not not not not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like Like Like Like I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over over over over the course of the week to come up with things that I wanted wanted wanted wanted to talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't didn't didn't didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your your your your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about the Florence Florence Florence Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a apple apple apple apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving a a a a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support yourselves a a a a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a customer is is is is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done done done done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how how how how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years years years years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would would would would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for for for for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who who who who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your your your your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on May May May May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, her, her, her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let let let let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your your your your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can can can can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in in in in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge huge huge huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my my my my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good day day day day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except it's on earbuds earbuds earbuds earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some like like like like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've we've we've we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay Okay Okay Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to to to to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going going going going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen to to to to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you you you you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution distribution distribution distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it it it it is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find find find find out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different different different different platforms. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to to to to have a nice podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the the the the anchor app or go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? Michael Michael Michael How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for for for for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom bathroom bathroom bathroom wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell hell hell hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with with with with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over over over over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think think think think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what what what what I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but but but but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped heart-shaped heart-shaped heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide guide guide guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life life life life and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most most most most interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those those those those long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition nutrition nutrition nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a a a a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebookcom facebookcom facebookcom facebookcom. Slash and draw stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can can can can also join our Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a a a a member of West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us us us us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask ask ask ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old Nate Nate Nate Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh Oh Oh Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you I'm going going going going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the reason we're we're we're we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to to to to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even even even even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking six months months months months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has has has has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business business business business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for a better better better better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? what what what I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I like I I I I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much of this stuff stuff stuff stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, but it kind of just just just just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my routine because I I I I was aware of a way to do things better integrate at the Texas integrated integrated integrated integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it it it it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right right right right so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special special special special guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you you you you here for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on on on on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our our our our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating dominating dominating dominating Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was was was was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or or or or 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether whether whether whether I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz jazz jazz jazz band. I was a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of of of of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a supporter supporter supporter supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and and and and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of of of of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the the the the lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a a a a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our our our our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium premium premium premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can can can can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes episodes episodes episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your your your your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to to to to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or or or or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So So So So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode episode episode episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior posterior posterior posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years years years years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may may may may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries injuries injuries injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations dislocations dislocations dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are are are are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged aged aged aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a a a a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at at at at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that that that that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest unluckiest unluckiest unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island island island island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph Steph Steph Steph podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those those those those of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were were were were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't don't don't don't know how much time you've had to think about this but but but but this is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So So So So I think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette it is about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad glad glad glad this up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out out out out what her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister Sinister Sinister Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets tickets tickets tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise promise promise promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a a a a lasso around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're you're you're you're about to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At At At At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked asked asked asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really really really really good talks about core values talks about how important those are and how vital vital vital vital it is to know what your core values are so you can create culture within within within within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming programming programming programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our our our our Flamingo correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from from from from the American Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate underestimate underestimate underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on on on on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent urgent urgent urgent call today. Sure. I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I I I I saw it. It was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It It It It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the the the the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here with Taylor Gates Gates Gates Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the CEO season season season season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great. If you you you you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time that if you find find find find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach out to rain. They They They They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three one one one one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great great great great car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget budget budget budget or family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find find find find it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I I I I am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating heating heating heating pads weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving driving driving driving. Sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving driving driving driving it period it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had had had had to get it out of the garage and having some work done start start start start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night night night night started was the day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as as as as of this report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my my my my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I I I I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I could could could could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and and and and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not today today today today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our our our our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We We We We thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of of of of an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can can can can glean from some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is is is is Really the first topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such such such such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice practice practice practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers welcome welcome welcome welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts and now now now now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Lean podcast podcast podcast podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They will return return return return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is that I'm I'm I'm I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just been recording recording recording recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like thinking thinking thinking thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try to to to to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, if if if if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're We're We're We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I got a a a a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't have have have have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna Donna Donna Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better better better better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this this this this is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea one one one one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going going going going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well well well well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about about about about the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and and and and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a a a a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third third third third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording recording recording recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3 3 3 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new new new new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then then then then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these these these these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track track track track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking thinking thinking thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Performance Performance Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard Hard Hard Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what what what what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling telling telling telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for for for for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone phone phone phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your your your your podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything everything everything everything you need in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast podcast podcast podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done done done done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think think think think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that just just just just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when when when when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one one one one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have have have have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff playoff playoff playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer answer answer answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that that that that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for for for for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things things things things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use use use use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love love love love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, way, way, way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no no no no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host your your your your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have have have have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple and and and and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm your podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast in one one one one place. You have something to say you want to get it out. You want to write a a a a note just upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit hit hit hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent free this this this this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do do do do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google Google Google Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn earn earn earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that that that that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make make make make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with with with with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more more more more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's It's It's It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee guarantee guarantee guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ AZ AZ AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just Just Just Just listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and and and and you're listening to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have have have have you here with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike bike bike bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and and and and this is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting down the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from from from from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths youths youths youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of age and and and and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history tune in in in in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you you you you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known event event event event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some some some some 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the the the the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and and and and tries to even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too too too too much about did you hear this more people are dying now and this was was was was happening is coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's it's it's it's going to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that that that that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College College College College podcast. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So So So So on this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind kind kind kind of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I I I I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call call call call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and and and and what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom four-bedroom four-bedroom four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what what what what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we are talking talking talking talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the Talk of the Town Town Town Town right now and today I want to cover it in some detail from from from from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want to talk less about masks masks masks masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the the the the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts impacts impacts impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P P P P frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo ammo ammo ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother brother brother brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man man man man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the the the the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster rap rap rap rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast podcast podcast podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough social door door door door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love love love love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes goes goes goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew knew knew knew of it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American American American American factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it it it it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me me me me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really good good good good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr Dr Dr Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also also also also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people people people people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as as as as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with with with with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and and and and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that that that that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life life life life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what what what what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock stock stock stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help help help help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically holistically holistically holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the the the the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness Wellness Wellness Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their their their their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the the the the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the the the the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only only only only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags fags fags fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice voice voice voice of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big big big big bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is is is is just a conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner partner partner partner and well, why don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to to to to do we know you're going to do is just addition is swear that you you you you going to tell the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big big big big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what what what what we left off last time we talked it was just just just talking about you you you you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, it, it, it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today today today today. I'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I I I I met let's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard hard hard hard to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of of of of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together together together together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a a a a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last last last last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met met met met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to share share share share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have to to to to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do do do do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you you you you are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we we we we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo taboo taboo taboo. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you you you you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends weekends weekends weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want to tell tell tell tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City at at at at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in in in in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a a a a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play play play play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and and and and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and and and and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that that that that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards towards towards towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am joined joined joined joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream speakers speakers speakers speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought thought thought thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I I I I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about about about about the woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A A A A half hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back back back back where they take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about about about about that for two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was was was was I forgot that Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at at at at the same time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will will will will be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards backwards backwards backwards and like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring the most most most most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips clips clips clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like like like like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is is is is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you you you you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description description description description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with an an an an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few weeks weeks weeks weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as as as as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the the the the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected affected affected affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week week week week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is is is is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people people people people who get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based based based based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong wrong wrong wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss discuss discuss discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career showing showing showing showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my name's name's name's name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this this this this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm I'm I'm I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for for for for sexy monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point point point point one. Monster RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is is is is not feeling very well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some some some some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you you you you sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for for for for you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the the the the ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on the dice dice dice dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after after after after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with with with with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know know know know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a a a a thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe safe safe safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one one one one of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for for for for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred hundred hundred hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow grow grow grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death death death death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who who who who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was was was was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe it's the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents parents parents parents anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even even even even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even even even even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right after after after after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner partner partner partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us go to to to to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below. Thank you you you you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Revenge the the the the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared to cross cross cross cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out out out out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be a bit fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was just graduating high high high high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with a a a a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out while they they they they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again again again again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love love love love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and and and and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this this this this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening listening listening listening to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be be be be discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will will will will also talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective respective respective respective creative Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists artists artists artists on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure sure sure sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk talk talk talk about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety ninety ninety ninety dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 2010 2010 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his his his his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record record record record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least least least least until now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to to to to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot lot lot lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in in in in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me me me me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met met met met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you you you you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind kind kind kind of host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It It It It was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name name name name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the thing, thing, thing, thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just skipped it it it it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would I say say say say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have have have have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest guest guest guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just just just just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got got got got a great show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing introducing introducing introducing a new market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage Savage Savage Savage on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty pretty pretty pretty Savage so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say say say say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five five five five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can can can can probably Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We We We We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those those those those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can can can can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good good good good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool cool cool cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week week week week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on on on on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to to to to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped helped helped helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was was was was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew up up up up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that that that that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be be be be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our our our our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope hope hope hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving moving moving moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and and and and I am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture scripture scripture scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it it it it slow. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11 11 11 11. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The The The The Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio audio audio audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community community community community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for for for for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and the the the the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads are originally originally originally originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those those those those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and and and and in general to learn more about our club what we do and how you you you you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast podcast podcast podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way way way way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects aspects aspects aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to to to to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet packet packet packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software software software software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we we we we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet tablet tablet tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to to to to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that that that that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place place place place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you you you you can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough dough dough dough creation tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it it it it sound popping. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to to to to grow the dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Google podcast and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching Ching Ching Ching from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go go go go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond fond fond fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has has has has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean kind kind kind kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable as a candidate candidate candidate candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between between between between Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and and and and holler Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going going going going to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I I I I thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like like like like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development goals goals goals goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to take take take take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast podcast podcast podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to to to to actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a a a a population 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the the the the world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out out out out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy energy energy energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, notes, notes, notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional transitional transitional transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had had had had been had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my my my my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I I I I left a really high profile job, and I did and I started a a a a business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground ground ground ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life life life life. And I got so aligned and the business started and I got everything I I I I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more than than than than I could have ever asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for for for for us in a way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, know, know, know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a a a a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just here to serve serve serve serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So it's like like like like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know know know know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough because because because because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to to to to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's it's it's it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight. I'm your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina Tina Tina Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you you you you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We We We We have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power power power power suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you you you you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think think think think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a a a a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed dialed dialed dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob Rob Rob Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are are are are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me me me me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, we we we we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of of of of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My My My My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be a a a a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a meeting meeting meeting meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to to to to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to to to to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home home home home turf at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened happened happened happened last time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline headline headline headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time time time time to talk about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a a a a podcast that is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for for for for free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at at at at anchor you can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your your your your podcast sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you you you you might have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you you you you so it can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can can can can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? right right right No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be settled down down down down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime wartime wartime wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a a a a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile 50-mile 50-mile 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she she she she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed squeezed squeezed squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into view view view view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was was was was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning morning morning morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush brush brush brush in little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're we're we're we're talking about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene Nene Nene Nene. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala palala palala palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene Nene Nene Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the top of of of of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter daughter daughter daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's the the the the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is is is is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and it's it's it's it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to be be be be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? salon salon salon Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We We We We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to to to to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is is is is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to to to to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want want want want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm I'm I'm I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot dot dot dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's There's There's There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or or or or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app app app app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs jigs jigs jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code code code code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the the the the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve improve improve improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office office office office is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has has has has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't don't don't don't listen that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record record record record to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside inside inside inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right Right Right Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig dig dig dig around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if if if if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I I I I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a lot lot lot lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host future future future future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's he's he's he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody our our our our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't complain Gil. Dad Dad Dad Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come back and relax at at at at home. All right, so What do you think the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me try to Enlighten the the the the that a little bit. So basically it did start out as a meme between between between between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were just talking about us having having having having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or or or or if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can can can can listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or or or or wherever you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If If If If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for for for for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of of of of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular regular regular regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had had had had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one one one one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for for for for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig gig gig gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my my my my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a a a a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds sounds sounds sounds of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise demise demise demise is it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in in in in your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been been been been your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display in in in in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes takes takes takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk talk talk talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you you you you over last week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor poor poor poor is why am I not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week week week week in advance and it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts workouts workouts workouts. I know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And And And And so there are days that you can make it and days. You just can't make it it it it. And that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want want want want you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that that that that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in in in in the first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded well-rounded well-rounded well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a a a a podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of of of of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of of of of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second second second second century BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits outfits outfits outfits of all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode episode episode episode and want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par par par par cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows shows shows shows Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and and and and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education education education education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory Rory Rory Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing we can can can can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think think think think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to to to to be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app app app app take talk has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really really really really popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few few few few months. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous famous famous famous. One of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of of of of followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is Is Is Is this song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, one, one, one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a a a a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This This This This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too too too too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with with with with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and and and and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in in in in this show. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community community community community. I then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples maniples maniples maniples the basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time time time time discussing how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback feedback feedback feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the the the the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially initially initially initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the the the the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our our our our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on on on on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to to to to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick Quick Quick Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the one one one one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by by by by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a a a a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you you you you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard heard heard heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern Southern Southern Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet feet feet feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch roof roof roof roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw Straw Straw Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost that that that that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around the the the the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much to to to to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was obviously obviously obviously obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around the corner corner corner corner of the house and came floating back down again after a while. It It It It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy Romy Romy Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi Romi Romi Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble stumble stumble stumble in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like like like like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's it's it's it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just just just just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching watching watching watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives lives lives lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably probably probably probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes that open open open open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls girls girls girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of my favorite scenes scenes scenes scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we we we we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift sift sift sift through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual intellectual intellectual intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We We We We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if if if if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us us us us your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went went went went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again again again again and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you you you you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no no no no minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make make make make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special guest guest guest guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name is is is is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with with with with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I could but but but but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally say it but, but, but, but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just For like PR PR PR PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I I I I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And I I I I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo cartridge Society Society Society Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers and and and and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show show show show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week week week week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Yacht Yacht Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A A A A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I I I I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he he he he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version version version version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons reasons reasons reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him him him him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and and and and then we make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of of of of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one one one one our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the flip flip flip flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on on on on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and and and and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited excited excited excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this this this this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming coming coming coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week one week week week week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, March, March, March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished all all all all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just have have have have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for a class class class class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've we've we've we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like like like like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was was was was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like like like like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out out out out of the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and and and and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and and and and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit bit bit bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an an an an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users users users users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if if if if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this this this this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search search search search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library Library Library Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions questions questions questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, what's what's what's what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so so so so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to since since since since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax that that that that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I don't think think think think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, we did go to to to to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got got got got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Music had had had had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after after after after show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a a a a good season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since since since since season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could could could could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my my my my love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters Fosters Fosters Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school school school school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your your your your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel feel feel feel like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for for for for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit edit edit edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It It It It will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple apple apple apple and all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything everything everything everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you need to do do do do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it it it it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside inside inside inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So So So So for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original original original original old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one one one one of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones ones ones ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I I I I was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly wildly wildly wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as as as as I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond beyond beyond beyond just Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of of of of our time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher kocher kocher kocher today. I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother grandmother grandmother grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for for for for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in our our our our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to just just just just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're we're we're we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're we're we're we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join me me me me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's That's That's That's exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating episode that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow slow slow slow scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this this this this follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a a a a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not not not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm Molly Molly Molly Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about about about about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling telling telling telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much much much much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every every every every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you you you you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on on on on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already already already already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've I've I've I've got puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really really really really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello Hello Hello Hello. Welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why why why why do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around around around around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic woman from from from from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her her her her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England a a a a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born born born born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she she she she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher Switcher Switcher Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try try try try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on on on on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is is is is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite. We We We We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow grow grow grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that that that that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons reasons reasons reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So So So So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've we've we've we've got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight straight straight straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself yourself yourself yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home home home home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year year year year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's That's That's That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I I I I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast podcast podcast podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really really really really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away their their their their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like like like like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple couple couple couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're you're you're you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go go go go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the the the the page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've you've you've you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different different different different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe maybe maybe maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any any any any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek Derek Derek Derek. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull dull dull dull soap is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support support support support people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Let Let Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life life life life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling struggling struggling struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I I I I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I I I I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I I I I was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body body body body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the the the the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted wanted wanted wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most most most most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about about about about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk talk talk talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me who I I I I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut shut shut shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to to to to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby Diaz and you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a a a a less common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that that that that. We've learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the the the the table. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and and and and I wanted to give a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and and and and I wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I I I I was little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just just just just wish that you never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's here's here's here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be be be be hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere get get get get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back to to to to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty pretty pretty pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would would would would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not not not not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going to to to to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and and and and that this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then idea idea idea idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? that that that We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are are are are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically what what what what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came up with what what what what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor app, app, app, app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. That's That's That's That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor for many reasons reasons reasons reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't have to pay pay pay pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools that allow you you you you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your computer computer computer computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves loves loves loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read read read read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of of of of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person person person person. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow grow grow grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing doing doing doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like like like like a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's It's It's It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going going going going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live live live live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may be a a a a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just gonna go go go go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - oh man. I'm just just just just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies great great great great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, welcome welcome welcome welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined ruined ruined ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my my my my stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? you you you All hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back back back back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot lot lot lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work work work work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun shotgun shotgun shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in in in in the same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the the the the end of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want want want want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last last last last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on the the the the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here here here here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy Andy Andy Andy really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we we we we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early early early early you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, Well, Well, Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right. So So So So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over the the the the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments moments moments moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah yeah yeah yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of of of of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I I I I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow somehow somehow somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just Just Just Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm I'm I'm I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what links links links links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing I I I I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In In In In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am am am am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome to to to to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences that shape shape shape shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a story story story story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This This This This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going going going going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is is is is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to to to to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick pick pick pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah Jeremiah Jeremiah Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while while while while I was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up up up up there because they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the the the the race. She skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for for for for loans and being free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two two two two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've gone without a heart heart heart heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We We We We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi Desi Desi Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has has has has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we we we we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could could could could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're we're we're we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season season season season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so so so so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had a a a a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing playing playing playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and and and and brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every every every every day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking talking talking talking about wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden Garden Garden Garden was born in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a a a a girl Kenya was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature nature nature nature was everywhere but soon that would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of of of of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going going going going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of of of of the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to to to to the conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About About About About it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz right now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know know know know response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back back back back to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics topics topics topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of of of of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm I'm I'm I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to to to to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is is is is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my my my my first spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us today today today today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to to to to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not in in in in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but but but but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this this this this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track track track track me where the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over over over over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a half half half half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a little little little little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof roof roof roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was was was was probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number number number number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there were Current Current Current Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe safe safe safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects objects objects objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on on on on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money money money money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting counting counting counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back back back back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged charged charged charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more more more more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March March March March Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas Vegas Vegas Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his his his his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about about about about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity movement movement movement movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where to to to to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for you you you you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity the the the the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it probably probably probably probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just don't teach teach teach teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically the first first first first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing throwing throwing throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today today today today in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an an an an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards Awards Awards Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and and and and there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he he he he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you you you you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to to to to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything everything everything everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you you you you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have have have have got this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This This This This is your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll I'll I'll I'll be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go Go Go Go for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday everyday everyday everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for for for for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you you you you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be be be be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is is is is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman Irishman Irishman Irishman the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social social social social media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast podcast podcast podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and and and and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I I I I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we we we we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of of of of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we we we we mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we we we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast podcast podcast podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for for for for one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and and and and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably probably probably probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning tuning tuning tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you you you you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a a a a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's it's it's it's not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go go go go back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's it's it's it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what what what what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just just just just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like like like like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like like like like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children and and and and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create peace peace peace peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer writer writer writer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn terilyn terilyn terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & & & & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the the the the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I I I I have a high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come come come come from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx cnx cnx cnx leading a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at at at at agencies all over the world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in in in in Boston and anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also also also also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be be be be our co-host from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights highlights highlights highlights from our conversation. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when when when when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we we we we all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young young young young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God God God God. You're not a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? that that that I'm gonna go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my my my my name is Bianca and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are Are Are Are they hot or are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring boring boring boring. How was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different different different different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk talk talk talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting texting texting texting and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do do do do a lot of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of of of of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few few few few minutes and then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to to to to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age age age age of 25 and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real real real real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try to to to to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life a a a a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and and and and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming streaming streaming streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live live live live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining joining joining joining us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? up up up Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing doing doing doing this this special broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I I I I are all investors in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors investors investors investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of of of of this brokerage that is kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being being being being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's it's it's it's Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, you know, we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am am am am. He's helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out out out out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, No, No, No, it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There There There There is no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk talk talk talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of of of of carrying you into your weekend. We're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you you you you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium medium medium medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as as as as a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then then then then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and and and and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism organism organism organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and and and and we're here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the the the the demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the the the the one with Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the the the the Jets. This was the game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and and and and so you play that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much much much much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a a a a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and I I I I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang bang bang bang today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat unanimously unanimously unanimously unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in in in in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the the the the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely surely surely surely way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time time time time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said said said said about the FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by by by by market. The question that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you you you you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal verbal verbal verbal jawboning. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm 16 today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in in in in the do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my my my my Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are are are are in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their their their their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of of of of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is is is is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines Lines Lines Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless Bless Bless Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup Cup Cup Cup winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match match match match. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's it's it's it's okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today today today today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way way way way from Sweden. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for for for for having me happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when when when when you can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you you you you go all the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story story story story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a person person person person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event or series series series series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying causes causes causes causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They They They They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, but but but but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock to it it it it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out of of of of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a a a a quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening listening listening listening to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to to to to start a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one one one one off the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic basic basic basic simple questions. Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my my my my show into like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make make make make money from my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple simple simple simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your your your your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app app app app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation creation creation creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone phone phone phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many more more more more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money money money money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta gotta gotta gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything everything everything everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor anchor anchor anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in in in in the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to to to to my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it it it it up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we we we we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording recording recording recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools tools tools tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or or or or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to to to to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in in in in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig order order order order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with your your your your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to to to to be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this this this this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy energy energy energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use use use use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in in in in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity capacity capacity capacity. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm orgasm orgasm orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of of of of the man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over over over over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all all all all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me me me me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you you you you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins begins begins begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, mean, mean, mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say say say say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna Madonna Madonna Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last last last last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's it's it's it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber Gerber Gerber Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick sick sick sick and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to to to to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the the the the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On On On On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday Friday Friday Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it it it it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so so so so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure sure sure sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of of of of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very very very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to to to to upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man man man man. What is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really really really really so well, first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing nothing nothing nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways ways ways ways to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That That That That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it it it it go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't have to do anything but post post post post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money money money money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're you're you're you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year year year year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience experience experience experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that that that that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl girl girl girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got got got got married, but within a month my friend found out that she was still in in in in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce divorce divorce divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to to to to be explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to to to to become more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this this this this is such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually actually actually actually control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're they're they're they're in control of what they would like and as a man this is is is is important to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only only only only that if you want to become a man of value so that way other other other other men or other people in general can lean on you. You're going to to to to have to learn this. So here's the deal. If you don't have a a a a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot sit there and and and and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very very very very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to explain so so so so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes minutes minutes minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this this this this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the the the the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a a a a bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does does does does. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due due due due respect to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob krob krob krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome awesome awesome awesome guest but we had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was was was was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened listened listened listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want to to to to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself and Michael Michael Michael Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got our first contestant contestant contestant contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so it's nine nine nine nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there there there there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die of old old old old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was convicted for for for for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this this this this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison and and and and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee coffee coffee coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of of of of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his his his his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at at at at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something special special special special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if if if if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull pull pull pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going to to to to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the the the the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and and and and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils Devils Devils Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a a a a bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide guide guide guide you through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C C C C. So the film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more more more more easily when they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when when when when they suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends depends depends depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to to to to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth with with with with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, maybe it it it it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence presence presence presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, starter, starter, starter, we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their their their their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday Friday Friday Friday funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save save save save this listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher teacher teacher teacher and professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of of of of humor follow him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is is is is Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I I I I am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam jam jam jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? happening happening happening Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in in in in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for for for for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's it's it's it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need need need need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We We We We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you you you you can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that that that that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain plain plain plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check check check check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes episodes episodes episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the the the the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions descriptions descriptions descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 13 13 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And And And And this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in in in in the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as as as as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would would would would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss what what what what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the FED Palace comments comments comments comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to do in this type type type type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are are are are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be be be be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account account account account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur blur blur blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off off off off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was only to to to to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could just start start start start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say say say say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the the the the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 1995 1995 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay pay pay pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports sports sports sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen Listen Listen Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final final final final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had had had had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as as as as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host host host host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology Psychology Psychology Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping helping helping helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week week week week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively effectively effectively effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like like like like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears fears fears fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich rich rich rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to to to to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas areas areas areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth Earth Earth Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to to to to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary necessary necessary necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy boy boy boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor doctor doctor doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, like like like like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you you you you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is is is is the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how how how how I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an an an an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool tool tool tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy easy easy easy so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more more more more bitch work literally got distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day day day day of me uploading my first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with with with with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine wine wine wine place. If you guys want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing amazing amazing amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a a a a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale Vale Vale Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as as as as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it did for for for for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of all time, time, time, time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all when when when when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, man, man, man, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's my favorite favorite favorite favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message on it. Is Is Is Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the love back to to to to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to get get get get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in in in in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the the the the paper Outpost the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my my my my gosh, we are actually making books and when you think about this, this is really really really really a mind-blowing event because we don't teach this in school to people but this this this this is really one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody everybody everybody everybody would be better off if they made a book at least once in their their their their life, right Holly. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom Mom Mom Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need more books in the world. All our books are are are are disappearing and it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore anymore anymore anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure if if if if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money money money money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it it it it works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no no no no money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to to to to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more more more more and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I I I I have not found that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked talked talked talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young young young young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I I I I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the the the the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with with with with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am am am am in real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was was was was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to to to to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking to to to to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Love Love Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money money money money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal personal personal personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I I I I get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP VIP VIP VIP. So this is our time for us to be together and for me to answer your your your your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for 15 15 15 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am am am am but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families families families families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five five five five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car car car car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love love love love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I I I I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on on on on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't can't can't can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name name name name is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things things things things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? today today today Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say say say say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do do do do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so so so so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m m m m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, yourself, yourself, yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release release release release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the the the the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened listened listened listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm I'm I'm I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when when when when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, possible, possible, possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out out out out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand stand stand stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's that's that's that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after after after after you listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go go go go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together together together together and you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your your your your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related related related related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our bodies bodies bodies bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's in hell hell hell hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the 1980s how how how how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both farmers farmers farmers farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe Joe Joe Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney attorney attorney attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate Senate Senate Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a little little little little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I I I I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your your your your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything everything everything everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it it it it really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just just just just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast podcast podcast podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes minutes minutes minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good Good Good Good morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the the the the next few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation motivation motivation motivation some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word word word word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your life life life life if you'd like to know that and if you want to orient and just to the plan then then then then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do that. But remember remember remember remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need need need need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo Echo Echo Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so so so so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion expansion expansion expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about about about about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in in in in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is is is is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk talk talk talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very very very very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell tell tell tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and and and and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up so so so so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip rip rip rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment moment moment moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just don't don't don't don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all all all all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories stories stories stories from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st. Francis Francis Francis Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm I'm I'm I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy Happy Happy Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a a a a super special episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like like like like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for for for for sure for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have have have have a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent lent lent lent. We're going to do some things that are a little different from what we usually usually usually usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix remix remix remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles principles principles principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name name name name is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy easy easy easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create create create create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a a a a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who is is is is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to be my my my my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but but but but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want to to to to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do do do do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're we're we're we're live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs dogs dogs dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your your your your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the the the the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's It's It's It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest Invest Invest Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working working working working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a a a a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for for for for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a a a a professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our our our our career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the the the the treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm I'm I'm I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions questions questions questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the the the the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today we we we we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Wendy's granddaughter granddaughter granddaughter granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly will be on on on on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this article that that that that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's kids belong belong belong belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have have have have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes makes makes makes you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song song song song and the video as well as the falling music video which came out today as as as as we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk talk talk talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special special special special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music music music music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I I I I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all all all all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about the the the the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to the the the the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society. I am am am am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to call one of my my my my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only only only only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel Bagel Bagel Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the the the the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 1872 1872 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I'm I'm I'm I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the floor floor floor floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day three-day three-day three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the the the the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of of of of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I I I I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting starting starting starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor FM FM FM FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool tool tool tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place place place place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in in in in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing bringing bringing bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely lovely lovely lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney Disney Disney Disney plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at at at at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and and and and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating circulating circulating circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll we'll we'll we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki as well well well well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out of of of of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being being being being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions versions versions versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki Loki Loki Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to see see see see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your daily daily daily daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's Thursday's Thursday's Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush around around around around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic heroic heroic heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior warrior warrior warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over over over over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people people people people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and and and and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli Eli Eli Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to get it it it it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that fuck fuck fuck fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's just just just just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured figured figured figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and and and and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to to to to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous famous famous famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a a a a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale for for for for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want to to to to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and True Crime Crime Crime Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day day day day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped raped raped raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back back back back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to to to to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get Get Get Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no no no no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came came came came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest with with with with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt a void void void void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot of people people people people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a a a a what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we all all all all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger danger danger danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going on? on on on I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than than than than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season season season season. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just just just just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so so so so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get get get get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to talk about about about about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast podcast podcast podcast a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to to to to live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So So So So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self self self self is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for for for for us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things things things things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that are are are are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make make make make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been been been been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast podcast podcast podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money money money money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones that that that that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need to make make make make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start a podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the free anchor app app app app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for giving giving giving giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is free. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you to record and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're extremely happy happy happy happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast and you you you you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from the podcast with with with with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a podcast all in in in in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, go download the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and with with with with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy Galaxy Galaxy Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? up up up What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them them them them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she she she she on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of of of of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months months months months. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in in in in touch for a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee coffee coffee coffee on the lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having having having having may help a few older. So this is all very much part in those those those those thoughts into action. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of of of of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to to to to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you you you you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and and and and then down the line move very much want to delve into some of those those those those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a a a a wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find find find find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables Parables Parables Parables. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us us us us for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of of of of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our family family family family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, Now, Now, Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, now, now, now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you you you you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our our our our show notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer answer answer answer to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than than than than to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear hear hear hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me me me me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all all all all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can can can can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes episodes episodes episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with with with with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure sure sure sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in in in in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an an an an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 950 950 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another special special special special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I have have have have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because because because because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and and and and how hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself myself myself myself to fall into this pattern of just beating myself up in a really really really really unhelpful. A way, which I know better than to do but I just kind of of of of got caught in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my my my my coach said something to me so very profound and the shift that it has created created created created since then has been so powerful that he just knew that I had had had had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm I'm I'm I'm Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title title title title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and and and and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have have have have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with with with with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage beverage beverage beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on on on on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Lego Lego Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And And And And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help help help help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're They're They're They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was was was was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would would would would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the the the the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you have to to to to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help help help help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two two two two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important important important important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style style style style question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you you you you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your your your your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I I I I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in in in in this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money money money money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our our our our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink drink drink drink bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking thinking thinking thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I I I I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm I'm I'm I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New York York York York like crazy with like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment apartment apartment apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah. I had had had had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she just just just just like got right and did not try to get to know me at all all all all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, like, like, like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's Let's Let's Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right right right right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like like like like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do do do do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and and and and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about about about about God's word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply deeply deeply deeply on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of of of of meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form form form form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast podcast podcast podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on on on on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like like like like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee garyvee garyvee garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited excited excited excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers numbers numbers numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and and and and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super super super super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? I I I I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not using it, it, it, it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's warm out out out out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm when outside was was was was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as most New New New New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too warm All right right right right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed by by by by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too hot. I I I I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into into into into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I I I I feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's let's let's let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a a a a month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where where where where I'm like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I I I I don't know why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do do do do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are are are are way outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is is is is Lorna Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the the the the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is is is is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's It's It's It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a a a a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the thing the the the the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get into into into into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of it all all all all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure figure figure figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll get a a a a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it it it it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always always always always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of of of of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's What's What's What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I am I'm having having having having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super early got a a a a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did some fun stuff and and and and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am I 9:30? 9:30 9:30 9:30 Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been sluggish sluggish sluggish sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with my my my my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure. You know know know know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got home from from from from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food. So I I I I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the the the the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up up up up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I I I I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on on on on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's editing's editing's editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for for for for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor hor hor hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to to to to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you you you you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of of of of a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name name name name kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast breakfast breakfast breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so so so so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's How's How's How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of of of of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be be be be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and and and and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and and and and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here here here here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also also also also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number number number number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, content, content, content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which which which which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video video video video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot lot lot lot. If you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please please please please also do leave a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, so, so, so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that that that that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / / / / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg. Forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop stop stop stop being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's Blackbeard's Blackbeard's Blackbeard's fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son son son son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the the the the southwestern coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried tried tried tried to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked hijacked hijacked hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain uncertain uncertain uncertain fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for for for for them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now a a a a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a a a a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from from from from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank you you you you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where we we we we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts acts acts acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather rather rather rather a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say say say say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My My My My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on on on on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy. You You You You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a a a a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got got got got done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man man man man it was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into into into into detail about that here soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm I'm I'm I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests guests guests guests Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How How How How are you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks thanks thanks thanks for having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is is is is the podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really really really really cool. Nice little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able able able able to do this and on such a such a high note. Note. So for for for for those of you listening at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll they'll they'll they'll both be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, Connor, Connor, Connor, why don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for for for for the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it it it it back on my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you you you you so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you you you you taking the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful grateful grateful grateful and I do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a a a a year to the day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled totaled totaled totaled. I was in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that that that that moment to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really really really really realize what are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to to to to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion passion passion passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place place place place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to to to to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to to to to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by by by by Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that that that that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is is is is a king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch monarch monarch monarch with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like like like like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our our our our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade every every every every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's he's he's he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go go go go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth fourth fourth fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking thinking thinking thinking about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard heard heard heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get get get get started is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how how how how to get the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's here's here's here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free free free free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from from from from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make make make make podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was Was Was Was it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our our our our theme song that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you you you you can check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever ever ever ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the the the the place I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start start start start my podcast and get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple couple couple couple clicks of the button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast and many other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from from from from my phone from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to to to to do I can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of of of of a better place to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter matter matter matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F F F F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can can can can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or or or or bit of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here here here here. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to to to to be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get get get get yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super Super Super Super kosher about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening listening listening listening to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why why why why don't I give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips tips tips tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're you're you're you're listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management management management management follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on on on on anchor where you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find find find find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms platforms platforms platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this this this this thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name name name name is Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based based based based community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is is is is honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it it it it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about about about about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's let's let's let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always always always always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old old old old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories stories stories stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and and and and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm I'm I'm I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go go go go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you you you you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of of of of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about the the the the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish for Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally with with with with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to you by by by by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend reach out to to to to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He was like, like, like, like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that what what what what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest way to buy buy buy buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did did did did a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I I I I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where where where where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business and and and and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we we we we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting starting starting starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to to to to be able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search search search search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a a a a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on for for for for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts hearts hearts hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created and and and and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast podcast podcast podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a a a a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will will will will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a a a a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my my my my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get get get get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got got got got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got got got got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so so so so good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you you you you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes distributes distributes distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're looking looking looking looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today today today today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of of of of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's it's it's it's Colton Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is is is is a podcast where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us us us us or relevant. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want want want want to thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten gotten gotten gotten up to around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Ki Ki Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey honey honey honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai Makai Makai Makai time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross gross gross gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell Parnell Parnell Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is is is is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest invest invest invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one one one one of the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment comment comment comment on an article that we're writing for our website where they were showing showing showing showing by the latest core logic data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house house house house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for for for for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where we we we we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for joining us us us us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We are are are are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, so we we we we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy what could could could could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I know in in in in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of news that was was was was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might be nice for me me me me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people haven't necessarily heard heard heard heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These These These These are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you you you you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye Oye Oye Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all all all all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi hi hi hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into into into into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the the the the video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as as as as something totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who we we we we are or what we want to do at least until a few decades in we we we we go through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find find find find the one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times times times times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please take a a a a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help us to move forward forward forward forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we are the hosts of of of of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March the 13th. We will will will will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock o'clock o'clock o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when you can can can can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full ayats ayats ayats ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be be be be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay Okay Okay Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart. And And And And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our 30s 30s 30s 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy you you you you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I feel feel feel feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really don't know why why why why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my my my my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes minutes minutes minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got got got got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when when when when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say thank thank thank thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy in your your your your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son we have to to to to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may be seated seated seated seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what is on our our our our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father father father father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing good, good, good, good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What What What What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight tonight tonight tonight. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama drama drama drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at at at at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown clown clown clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this this this this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie Katie Katie Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have have have have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as as as as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about about about about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have have have have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front front front front tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase purchase purchase purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get get get get into this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi Hi Hi Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media media media media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and athlete athlete athlete athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome guys Luke Luke Luke Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair bit over over over over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to cover this this this this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and and and and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New New New New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each each each each episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that that that that you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for for for for you or a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed licensed licensed licensed professional counselor and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an an an an online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and and and and disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of of of of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the the the the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from from from from current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on on on on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also also also also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for for for for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as as as as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join join join join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to to to to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners listeners listeners listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as as as as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on on on on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're you're you're you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this this this this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really surprising surprising surprising surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good at at at at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that. I think I'm I'm I'm I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so I have been been been been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those challenges challenges challenges challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you your instinct instinct instinct instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't want to go there there there there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy when you you you you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff. So So So So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom. Slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last time I I I I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like sit sit sit sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things things things things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded loaded loaded loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a a a a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that that that that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with with with with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about about about about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Vayner Vayner Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an an an an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at at at at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast podcast podcast podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free free free free totally free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make make make make a podcast in one place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you you you you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that that that that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of of of of God. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at at at at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking very very very very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this is is is is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid avoid avoid avoid but we will our mindset that we would go through it will be different different different different. I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word word word word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down down down down. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you you you you suspected of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now Now Now Now you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch bunch bunch bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to to to to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it it it it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to to to to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week week week week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend weekend weekend weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah yeah yeah yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now and let's let's let's let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and he he he he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the second second second second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick quick quick quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight tonight tonight tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there there there there was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're they're they're they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free free free free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, said, said, said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and and and and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let let let let you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out out out out there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to to to to use and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right right right right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, sponsors, sponsors, sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to to to to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F F F F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him him him him do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so so so so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it it it it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking fucking fucking fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just just just just always like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing singing singing singing while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have have have have like a sin a coat on and like the first note of of of of the first song He's already got the mic out of the mics and it has got got got got the mic stand up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that that that that if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to to to to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over over over over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and and and and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start start start start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn and and and and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told told told told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't have have have have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA they they they they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their daddy with with with with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been been been been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective perspective perspective perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today today today today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I I I I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank thank thank thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer Famer Famer Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal personal personal personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and and and and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick Quick Quick Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever by dr dr dr dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston Johnston Johnston Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you you you you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of of of of my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever ever ever ever see is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how how how how to start. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring spring spring spring time and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I I I I like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm warm warm warm every now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me me me me. I can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to to to to for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand understand understand understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, so, so, so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty pretty pretty pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you you you you who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field field field field of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be be be be after listening to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an an an an overview of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically empirically empirically empirically for the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk talk talk talk to Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you you you you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do do do do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like like like like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us us us us medicos, I mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a a a a doctor because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was was was was never an easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we we we we are opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, know, know, know, older brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a a a a when we go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd Todd Todd Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you you you you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll we'll we'll we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh my my my my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up up up up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on on on on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with with with with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town town town town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another another another another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is is is is that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you you you you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you you you you know. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves loves loves loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are are are are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another another another another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your your your your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My My My My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you. And And And And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other other other other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of of of of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit quit quit quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want want want want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can can can can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be be be be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching watching watching watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying horrifying horrifying horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized organized organized organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a a a a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise comprise comprise comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the the the the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a a a a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to to to to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm I'm I'm I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern pattern pattern pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we we we we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week week week week. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe believe believe believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt salt salt salt nutrition podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so so so so much for tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who who who who what why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide decide decide decide to listen to me, let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been been been been an RD for about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off off off off at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic clinic clinic clinic Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the the the the Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to to to to sit with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups follow-ups follow-ups follow-ups and we were able to see each other for a bit more than five or or or or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple couple couple couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point point point point because they've been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over over over over. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here here here here with my to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it it it it but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first first first first. Wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host co-host co-host co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here here here here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and and and and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it it it it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help help help help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for leisure leisure leisure leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you visit visit visit visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you so so so so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some of the the the the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started right right right right away. The first question that came from our members this year and some of our our our our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're We're We're We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best friends and and and and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take on on on on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're not not not not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect on on on on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and chill. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of PB and and and and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity of romantic romantic romantic romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is because I I I I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I was doing this this this this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in in in in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with with with with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to to to to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys joys joys joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't Ain't Ain't Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from from from from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and and and and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany Germany Germany Germany when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable indefinable indefinable indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in in in in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas areas areas areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course course course course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach coach coach coach Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about about about about am I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new new new new people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can can can can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed one one one one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking taking taking taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's that's that's that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails emails emails emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really really really really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal people people people people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you what what what what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope that we we we we would do and will also tell you what we have done which was probably probably probably probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned in marriage marriage marriage marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by by by by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a a a a brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over over over over until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters letters letters letters and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein Goldstein Goldstein Goldstein advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated complicated complicated complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question question question question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom mom mom mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's dating dating dating dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on on on on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc ocbc ocbc ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular regular regular regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from from from from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in in in in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different different different different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now now now now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment sentiment sentiment sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in and and and and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out out out out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward forward forward forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym gym gym gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew grew grew grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's that's that's that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're you're you're you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies Hobbies Hobbies Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi Javi Javi Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is is is is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and and and and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real real real real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's It's It's It's let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff stuff stuff stuff. See what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's Today's Today's Today's gas is going to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper paper paper paper take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar solar solar solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete compete compete compete with her. Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed unscathed unscathed unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was was was was a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that that that that I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months months months months of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to to to to the finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the the the the intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of of of of course New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes purposes purposes purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax tax tax tax advice all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and and and and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured featured featured featured do to Industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations recommendations recommendations recommendations nor reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading trading trading trading and other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as as as as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our our our our Sam Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique unique unique unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World World World World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of of of of the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer Officer Officer Officer of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose purpose purpose purpose is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and and and and others across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us us us us today. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience experience experience experience applying technology data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System System System System. You have had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you you you you give us a brief summary of your career path today? And what were the the the the key career Transitions and decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is is is is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space space space space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me me me me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold gold gold gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all all all all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the the the the love we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and and and and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from from from from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be be be be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to to to to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the word tantamount tantamount tantamount tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent as in value value value value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was tantamount to a declaration declaration declaration declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM translating as to to to to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused with the similar sounding word Paramount Paramount Paramount Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in in in in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced traced traced traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode episode episode episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat chat chat chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going down soon soon soon soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got a couple couple couple couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves real real real real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's It's It's It's a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is is is is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of of of of the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not not not not going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's wit's wit's wit's This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When When When When Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So So So So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a podcast podcast podcast podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know, know, know, know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it should be more more more more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post and I dropped dropped dropped dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine imagine imagine imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob he owns a gym gym gym gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that that that that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you just like bro. I I I I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it it it it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with with with with it which was but he reached out to me and show me a DM DM DM DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message message message message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth forth forth forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're You're You're You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father father father father and we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast podcast podcast podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for for for for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast right right right right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most most most most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if if if if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or or or or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been a couple couple couple couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you know update update update update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that that's that's that's that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you you you you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, when when when when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good reason reason reason reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care care care care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and and and and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire entire entire entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show show show show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we we we we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate meditate meditate meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and and and and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and and and and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast. Let Let Let Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation creation creation creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily easily easily easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place place place place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking thinking thinking thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and and and and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even even even even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife show me me me me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and there's there's there's there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the the the the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that that that that is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed packed packed packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the the the the middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And And And And yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to to to to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to to to to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly perfectly perfectly perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British British British British Council for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit visit visit visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language language language language assistance podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and and and and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues colleagues colleagues colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all all all all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or or or or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves where your base and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey Hey Hey Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? patreon patreon patreon Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted hosted hosted hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make make make make podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your your your your podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to make a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for for for for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for for for for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked up this this this this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last night and and and and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have have have have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of ran out of of of of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light light light light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and I'm I'm I'm I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 Capital Capital Capital Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what it it it it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you you you you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row for for for for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or or or or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget budget budget budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple couple couple couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a a a a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back back back back it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not on account account account account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have have have have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and I we we we we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet. Eat us us us us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her birthday and so so so so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of Friday off off off off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was like my my my my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug unplug unplug unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited excited excited excited to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I I I I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit to to to to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The The The The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information information information information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs available available available available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret Margaret Margaret Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some of you guys guys guys guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of you guys guys guys guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't but today we're we're we're we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 29 29 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then then then then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I I I I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just just just just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out out out out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good good good good and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about about about about today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the the the the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those those those those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're just just just just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of Of Of Of course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting starting starting starting your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into into into into the world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the the the the easiest way to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative creative creative creative tools. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone or computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way way way way it gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you you you you waiting for download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith Smith Smith Smith for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle buckle buckle buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to to to to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going going going going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are falling in in in in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that we talk about about about about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going to end talking talking talking talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost to to to to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear on an an an an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How How How How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been been been been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this this this this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because because because because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then then then then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am when when when when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll you'll you'll you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll I'll I'll I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment environment environment environment trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know know know know about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your hand hand hand hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear the the the the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem solving this this this this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of Forestry agroforestry agroforestry agroforestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place place place place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled filled filled filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues of fire fire fire fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them were were were were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as as as as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by by by by surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like like like like I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly exactly exactly exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in in in in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, no, no, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times times times times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess guess guess guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french french french french fries. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I I I I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we we we we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on on on on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and and and and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in in in in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your your your your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading from number number number number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here. Now you sons sons sons sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god of Israel Israel Israel Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on on on on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough enough enough enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience experience experience experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on on on on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have have have have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with with with with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to to to to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite invite invite invite you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use use use use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come come come come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest Nest Nest Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education education education education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black black black black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can can can can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more more more more and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our Our Our Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still still still still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into our our our our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching watching watching watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so so so so glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from from from from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the the the the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us us us us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times should should should should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to to to to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes eyes eyes eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start start start start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually actually actually actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to to to to take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link link link link and I'm having a good time doing these because my goal is to put put put put the truth out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first first first first timers or those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better better better better idea on how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process process process process for you. Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just just just just laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter enter enter enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a a a a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free free free free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks thanks thanks thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You You You You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot can I'm I'm I'm I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor anchor anchor anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining Examining Examining Examining The True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for for for for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode episode episode episode with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I I I I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, well, well, well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the kids kids kids kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us in this this this this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch not walk walk walk walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on it it it it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So when you catch catch catch catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they just can't help help help help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you catch them, them, them, them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was was was was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for for for for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we we we we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out out out out here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You You You You already know. No, we have a few subject we go get into today and and and and talk about it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one one one one that they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not not not not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development development development development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a a a a platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the the the the first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard leotard leotard leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from from from from a boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house in-house in-house in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as as as as well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts hosts hosts hosts. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's let's let's let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in in in in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that that that that we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that that that that you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it it it it down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a a a a dad joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if if if if I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? that that that His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And And And And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost almost almost almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys guys guys guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and and and and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has has has has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to to to to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you you you you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are are are are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are are are are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search search search search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us us us us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've we've we've we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt guilt guilt guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of of of of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the the the the Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would would would would be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I I I I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each each each each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing posing posing posing the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to to to to safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot seat seat seat seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of of of of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and and and and journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact of of of of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I understand understand understand understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been been been been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm I'm I'm I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and and and and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward forward forward forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We We We We were talking about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want want want want them to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with with with with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us us us us off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we we we we move on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should should should should talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate Kate Kate Kate. I know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit bit bit bit about us. Oh, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College College College College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it it it it was very successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died died died died standing delegates and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So So So So I was very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It It It It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of Psychiatry and and and and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also served served served served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical clinical clinical clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for for for for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an an an an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to to to to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I have have have have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good good good good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you you you you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I had had had had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to to to to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose dad dad dad dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like like like like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and it's whenever I'm I'm I'm I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow could've fooled fooled fooled fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's so so so so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you you you you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know know know know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess guess guess guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea podcast podcast podcast podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's whatever's whatever's whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like like like like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, mean, mean, mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What about you for for for for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I make make make make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just just just just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do do do do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the tea guys, guys, guys, guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted us us us us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with Theology Theology Theology Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all all all all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing dealing dealing dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the the the the law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No No No No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an an an an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically basically basically basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle battle battle battle Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm I'm I'm I'm breath stock was there and I am also here we are three and one one one one after a decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened opened opened opened up looking like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree agree agree agree. We all know about that line and how it moved over the past past few days days days days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out out out out of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done done done done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope nope nope nope. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and and and and I cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the the the the next few episodes with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And And And And we're talking mental health. This is something that we both have discussed often often often often in our friendship as we talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've we've we've we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the the the the issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire entire entire entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something something something something happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we we we we put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's there's there's there's these little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if if if if this is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in in in in advanced and hope that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're we're we're we're families to feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you you you you in a world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance chance chance chance of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the the the the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired hired hired hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So So So So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share share share share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a a a a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and once once once once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people people people people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together before before before before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off off off off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that that that that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against against against against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be be be be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches lunches lunches lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work work work work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's it's it's it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't can't can't can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really do do do do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article in this this this this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about the indefinite articles, articles, articles, articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in English. We have have have have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I want to to to to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English articles are are are are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I think three different kinds kinds kinds kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's It's It's It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we we we we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so so so so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only record record record record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google Google Google Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short and on on on on top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's free free free free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money money money money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no no no no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to to to to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Hamptons Hamptons Hamptons Vice. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have have have have a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new new new new Jordan stuff to talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about about about about all the relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to to to to wait to the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who who who who and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen happen happen happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are are are are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL NFL NFL NFL draft class and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week week week week but Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each each each each position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options options options options might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important important important important that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft draft draft draft class has to offer we will be going Each position group one by one in in in in the Box. The draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the the the the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope hope hope hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On October 27th 27th 27th 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman wandering their campus. What What What What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should close the the the the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my daughter Betty Betty Betty Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the the the the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and and and and Mental Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should should should should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned warned warned warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Hey Hey Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman Sandman Sandman Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay stay stay stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly slowly slowly slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give give give give our yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has has has has come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood in in in in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do do do do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce produce produce produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a a a a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How How How How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink drink drink drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do Do Do Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem problem problem problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk milk milk milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get get get get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your your your your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk talk talk talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to to to to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go go go go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in in in in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss discuss discuss discuss Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to to to to 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the the the the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High High High High honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him him him him or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy it. You know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is is is is March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought brought brought brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series series series series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see see see see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with with with with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will will will will be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me me me me O Lord for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief grief grief grief. Yes, my soul and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that that that that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always always always always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen listen listen listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the team and and and and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are are are are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has has has has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 that that that that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan Klan Klan Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring bring bring bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm doing doing doing doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time. It's It's It's It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up up up up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided decided decided decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my my my my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting getting getting getting a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's today's today's today's episode. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to to to to come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the the the the sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can can can can feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem seem seem seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's What's What's What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is is is is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why Why Why Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I I I I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards regards regards regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our our our our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about about about about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated intoxicated intoxicated intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask ask ask ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we we we we talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this is is is is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good Good Good Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now now now now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are little little little little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012 2012 2012 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm I'm I'm I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16 16 16 16. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up up up up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to to to to do the same for you. So if you want to check them out, make make make make sure to head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where where where where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot robot robot robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then then then then also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some some some some wonderful products for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product product product product for you. You can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So So So So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate operate operate operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but but but but ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel kernel kernel kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect protect protect protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill Bill Bill Bill proposed by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the the the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk talk talk talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script script script script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to to to to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's let's let's let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay Okay Okay Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's of of of of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This This This This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's He's He's He's gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as as as as a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of of of of him. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet parakeet parakeet parakeet. He's a little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny tiny tiny tiny his little arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin boivin boivin boivin senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British British British British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than 1 million million million million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province. We want organizations to to to to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect and process everyday everyday everyday everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can help. It's about about about about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic topic topic topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride ride ride ride podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had had had had go in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is is is is because I was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today today today today it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are are are are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So he he he he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to find us us us us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead ahead ahead ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review review review review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say say say say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? day day day Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged emerged emerged emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly shockingly shockingly shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit Reddit Reddit Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake cake cake cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username username username username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and and and and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The The The The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic toxic toxic toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain villain villain villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every every every every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's Victoria's Victoria's Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to to to to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So So So So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If If If If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I I I I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in in in in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me me me me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available available available available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome awesome awesome awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you you you you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the the the the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines heroines heroines heroines week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from from from from history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery and and and and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived lived lived lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She She She She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way way way way of saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over over over over ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her her her her own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for for for for police resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty Betty Betty Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders murders murders murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's history's history's history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to to to to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this this this this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people people people people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy buddy buddy buddy Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty pretty pretty pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of of of of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects projects projects projects and what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about about about about today. Sure. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just just just just heard I'm the bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is is is is very much a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how how how how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change change change change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind kind kind kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording recording recording recording on a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to to to to what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that that that that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like like like like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just just just just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris Chris Chris Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing seeing seeing seeing through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good good good good special on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight insight insight insight into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those those those those day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in in in in the City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm firm firm firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan fan fan fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long long long long as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic topic topic topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your your your your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to to to to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on on on on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for for for for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure sure sure sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly with with with with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood in the the the the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been good for months months months months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it was going to be a a a a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss or often our our our our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good. Yeah one one one one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight was Jeb. What What What What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were were were were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me me me me how we do it how we get it out there how we record it it it it. And you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would would would would have had when we first started out this would have been way way way way way easier and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by by by by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you you you you need. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy fancy fancy fancy recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your your your your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation creation creation creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, know, know, know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way way way way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and and and and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this this this this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Samuel Samuel Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are are are are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and and and and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you you you you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and and and and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to to to to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have such great great great great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where you are and and and and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things. I think think think think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a lot of really really really really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel Steel Steel Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to die die die die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 radio radio radio radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys boys boys boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun fun fun fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created created created created by our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really really really really excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, Judith, Judith, Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of of of of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in in in in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired chaired chaired chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of of of of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had had had had allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically specifically specifically specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to to to to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a a a a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if you you you you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished something something something something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and and and and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be possible if if if if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff in on on on on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to spell out to you why why why why you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now but away from from from from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but but but but a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band band band band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital digital digital digital HR leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be be be be digital. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and and and and analytical to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual usual usual usual format. It features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics analytics analytics analytics and future of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled titled titled titled HR skills of the future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on on on on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people people people people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of of of of people analytics boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per Per Per Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we we we we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you you you you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now now now now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is the the the the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism and and and and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is how refers to to to to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions are are are are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which which which which and there are others of course, but those are kind of the main ones ones ones ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first first first first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So So So So I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for for for for me amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They They They They have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over over over over $50. You can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots lots lots lots of cool Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to to to to choose from and they can create anything if they don't have it already already already already. So if you have something very custom you want made they will work with with with with you and they listen to their customers needs of what they want what they need need need need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming coming coming coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat chat chat chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and and and and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were were were were small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I I I I do this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with with with with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar similar similar similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome awesome awesome awesome. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their their their their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No No No No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download download download download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you you you you want to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On On On On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting podcasting podcasting podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips tips tips tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our our our our sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload upload upload upload and create your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the the the the distribution. So basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to to to to a playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at at at at once you upload it to Anchor or if you want to create your own own own own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what what what what I have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't listen to what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad glad glad glad that everyone is on board and I'm excited for this little journey this little little little little educational Journey that we are going to go on together. I've done a a a a little eye. Like organizing and like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So So So So I've done list of how I want it to pan out whether or not it it it it pans out like that is another story because I can be a little bit bit bit bit impulsive. So we shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's that's that's that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford Ford Ford Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March March March March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little little little little pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss loss loss loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row row row row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort sort sort sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're we're we're we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a a a a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and and and and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up up up up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that that that that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and and and and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic topic topic topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men Men Men Men. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the the the the things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that that that that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well Well Well Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There There There There are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a a a a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the the the the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it it it it happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our our our our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the the the the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of cured cured cured cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off this this this this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my love of of of of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we we we we see what we see what Carson over here is in it for I guess anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I I I I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of someone someone someone someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes Yes Yes Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you you you you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and that's that's that's that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't don't don't don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but but but but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my head head head head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to to to to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the man taking taking taking taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to to to to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about about about about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for for for for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word word word word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're you're you're you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial beneficial beneficial beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is is is is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast podcast podcast podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities entities entities entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel feel feel feel free to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other other other other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio audio audio audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read Read Read Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have have have have some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but but but but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for for for for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were were were were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking talking talking talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You You You You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days days days days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for for for for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the the the the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every day day day day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking about an incredible incredible incredible incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're actually talking about about about about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a a a a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented athlete and and and and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and and and and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most most most most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo Apollo Apollo Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made Custom-made Custom-made Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different different different different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over over over over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes tapes tapes tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of of of of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match match match match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means means means means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing doing doing doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love love love love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's It's It's It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want want want want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do do do do that as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a a a a podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start start start start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an an an an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what what what what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to to to to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this got a a a a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone. It's right right right right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too. They'll also also also also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you you you you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it it it it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or or or or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash cash cash cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make a a a a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to to to to your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started started started started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben Reuben Reuben Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth smooth smooth smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your your your your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho ho ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many many many many different names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been been been been at least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one one one one point now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network Network Network Network. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice practice practice practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I I I I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very very very very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you read read read read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing off noonim noonim noonim noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about anchor anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need need need need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take take take take care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime runtime runtime runtime. There's some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're we're we're we're going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call call call call it a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn popcorn popcorn popcorn top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news news news news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we we we we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about about about about spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D 3D 3D 3D divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds starseeds starseeds starseeds the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with with with with me today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it it it it. Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you you you you so much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before before before before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential influential influential influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but but but but today it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just just just just talk to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we we we we had a break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how how how how to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to to to to cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements elements elements elements of planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both both both both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are are are are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that that that that we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the the the the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not not not not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your your your your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so so so so but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are are are are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks Brooks Brooks Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man man man man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March March March March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March March March March 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break break break break again after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try try try try to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are are are are open to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the the the the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, facility, facility, facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point point point point. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or or or or an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a a a a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and and and and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite Favorite Favorite Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this this this this week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Peter Peter Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game game game game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In In In In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out out out out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested interested interested interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact you you you you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there there there there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys guys guys guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk about about about about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since the the the the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in in in in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take up up up up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is is is is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that they they they they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there on the interview interview interview interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what we found found found found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of of of of fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to to to to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean mean mean mean like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church church church church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you you you you know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in in in in the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you you you you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now now now now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's It's It's It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just just just just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where where where where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to to to to another installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth truth truth truth and fire the block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me me me me at the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already already already already given up on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing discussing discussing discussing the biblical approach to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay stay stay stay the course to get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey journey journey journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the the the the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor mentor mentor mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too too too too often finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we we we we do find them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive expensive expensive expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years years years years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been been been been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more more more more people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able able able able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions questions questions questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost cost cost cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and and and and on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to to to to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and and and and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband here here here here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing brocco brocco brocco brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share our our our our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at at at at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us us us us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought thought thought thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've learned learned learned learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our our our our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists lists lists lists. I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video video video video that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this this this this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your your your your podcasts. That would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top top top top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of of of of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Munich Munich Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to to to to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a a a a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious egregious egregious egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments moments moments moments just before you get into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the the the the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, crises, crises, crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art art art art is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy happy happy happy that you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been been been been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual exploitation exploitation exploitation exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their victims in in in in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the government announced announced announced announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I I I I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to address the the the the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far and and and and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a mistake mistake mistake mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out out out out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that that that that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big difference, but but but but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it it it it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do do do do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will will will will do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say say say say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare snare snare snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where where where where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist artist artist artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John John John John Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video video video video series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land land land land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning tuning tuning tuning and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which which which which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's It's It's It's amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for for for for specific applications. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a a a a IL e why.com and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal. My My My My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you you you you know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho vinho vinho vinho Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth worth worth worth. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But But But But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can be be be be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white white white white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide wide wide wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which is why why why why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank Thank Thank Thank you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me me me me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so so so so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story story story story and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School School School School. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was was was was just so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of of of of life and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people people people people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for for for for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting sitting sitting sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these these these these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of of of of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things things things things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose whose whose whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a a a a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was was was was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you you you you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is is is is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining will will will will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with Steven Steven Steven Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric electric electric electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo TV TV TV TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You don't have have have have to have all your not them all of them, but it helps and and and and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as we bring bring bring bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc a Altman Altman Altman Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a James Bond Bond Bond Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better the complete complete complete complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin Rankin Rankin Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a special special special special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them on on on on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with with with with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is is is is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I I I I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the the the the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it it it it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's it's it's it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork cork cork cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a a a a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going going going going to two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we we we we discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and and and and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection collection collection collection you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today today today today. I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the the the the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or or or or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for for for for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all all all all went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make make make make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is is is is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your your your your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get get get get Ready? Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Matt Matt Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is is is is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast podcast podcast podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, ladies and and and and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special guest with with with with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new new new new website life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening listening listening listening Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and and and and are behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in in in in a bowl game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a a a a great story. I'm telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in in in in the country. I love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid covid covid covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is is is is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up up up up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is Is Is Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth wealth wealth wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's It's It's It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North North North North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism professionalism professionalism professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection selection selection selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Big Big Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure sure sure sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to to to to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners listeners listeners listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at at at at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team Team Team Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast podcast podcast podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined joined joined joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects projects projects projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal pal pal pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto crypto crypto crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the the the the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame lame lame lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put put put put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw Peter Peter Peter Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him him him him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his his his his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City City City City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat fight fight fight fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall wall wall wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan Japan Japan Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon upon upon upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating peasants, peasants, peasants, peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of a a a a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one else was looking looking looking looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already had FX in in in in the region but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job was unionized unionized unionized unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back back back back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the the the the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep sleep sleep sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being being being being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you you you you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who who who who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and and and and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should should should should go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but but but but it also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, Michael, Michael, Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First First First First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and and and and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been been been been crowned King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad bad bad bad to get the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully foully foully foully for it. I quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Kings Kings Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats treats treats treats banquet like his best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with with with with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the the the the crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king to be thus nothing nothing nothing nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a a a a threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose being I do do do do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and and and and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't don't don't don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be be be be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've reached reached reached reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, self, self, self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but but but but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my my my my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just just just just because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her her her her life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of living living living living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems and and and and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact that we all all all all only have one life and that none of us are promised another day on this beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health status after all would you you you you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship that makes you miserable miserable miserable miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell no, you'd be out out out out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly wouldn't be be be be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions opinions opinions opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything everything everything everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile mobile mobile mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your your your your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google Google Google Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make money with with with with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor or go go go go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this this this this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share with with with with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is is is is Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined joined joined joined by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and and and and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this this this this little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought thought thought thought it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it it it it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where where where where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you you you you been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's Nobody's Nobody's Nobody's looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, Well, Well, Well, I'm glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So So So So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What What What What kind of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my my my my work and telling me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation situation situation situation where I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a a a a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she she she she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is is is is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting interesting interesting interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife wife wife wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast podcast podcast podcast with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged engaged engaged engaged those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward forward forward forward to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few few few few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a a a a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months months months months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got go go go go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of of of of weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't ain't ain't ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I I I I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and and and and keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit hit hit hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about about about about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can can can can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what what what what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to to to to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be be be be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better better better better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's it's it's it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're I think think think think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days days days days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will will will will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday Monday Monday Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week week week week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means means means means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth fifth fifth fifth episode. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to to to to join this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up up up up in Spain. What up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three three three three very special guests from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what what what what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown Brown Brown Brown from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky. She was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own own own own bra one man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to to to to Betty Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free free free free on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of of of of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder murder murder murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under under under under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer layer layer layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, Providence, Providence, Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on social social social social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always seemed to to to to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories stories stories stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a whole presentation presentation presentation presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast podcast podcast podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just just just just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for for for for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or or or or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions opinions opinions opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're we're we're we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century century century century. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this this this this enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And And And And as you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I I I I think things started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six six six six month Mark. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically physically physically physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I I I I want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you you you you from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time. I I I I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like like like like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode episode episode episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet yet yet yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we posted posted posted posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found Mice in in in in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold for a few few few few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting in our living living living living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is definitely the the the the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the plan plan plan plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this episode episode episode episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 3 3 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick stick stick stick around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Our best best best best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick around for that that that that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance to win a a a a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written comments comments comments comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending extending extending extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of of of of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank Thank Thank Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's Let's Let's Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do do do do you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things things things things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin bring bring bring bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by by by by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and and and and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode episode episode episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find find find find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day day day day in the mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting meeting meeting meeting The Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground Campground Campground Campground as president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at at at at least. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels Angels Angels Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members members members members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other other other other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion for for for for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening to to to to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for for for for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car car car car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music Music Music Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming coming coming coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the the the the best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You You You You can put it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my my my my friends use it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other other other other platforms, and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign sign sign sign up with anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as as as as well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner partner partner partner has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know know know know has a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner's partner's partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're you're you're you're in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you you you you want to know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them them them them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on on on on such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down down down down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang hang hang hang out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on on on on your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in conversation conversation conversation conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing chasing chasing chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find out out out out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously previously previously previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of of of of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met met met met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days days days days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of of of of people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out out out out. You got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened opened opened opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you you you you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of of of of have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words words words words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad bad bad bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream stream stream stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any any any any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing allowing allowing allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with with with with the well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish. I'll I'll I'll I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be here with you you you you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did I I I I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about so over the the the the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was thinking that I I I I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when I started the semester I am am am am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking for an initiative and I was was was was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I realized that a lot of my my my my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting exciting exciting exciting announcement. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network Network Network Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you you you you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and and and and Amelia. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of of of of many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the the the the value of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community community community community. If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Frolic Frolic Frolic Network. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's Wendell's Wendell's Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world world world world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects subjects subjects subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring the the the the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected collected collected collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore explore explore explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really really really really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description description description description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and and and and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So So So So we hope you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at at at at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally literally literally literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is is is is some sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 4:00 4:00 4:00 and we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat eat eat eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again again again again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at at at at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, us, us, us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself yourself yourself yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has has has has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever wherever wherever wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most of the time we we we we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad glad glad glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you you you you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I I I I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New New New New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot lot lot lot of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but but but but I had so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get get get get my pap. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that that that that I see in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then then then then I'm staying in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here here here here and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally finally finally finally in my house and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare rare rare rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my my my my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it it it it raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about about about about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this this this this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said said said said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and and and and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by by by by us? Okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode episode episode episode 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom one one one one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for for for for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room room room room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the the the the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here here here here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but but but but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used used used used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like like like like it's been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something something something something like that. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening listening listening listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is is is is advised. This episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where where where where everyone's gone home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the the the the air and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra tundra tundra tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your your your your roommate you swap stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late late late late enough that the idea of a walk to the corner store for for for for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight straight straight straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs dogs dogs dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the the the the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee Lee Lee Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all know know know know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely definitely definitely definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel funnel funnel funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're We're We're We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we we we we go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was was was was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two two two two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more shocking shocking shocking shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can can can can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered gathered gathered gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to to to to brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My My My My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few few few few precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again again again again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep sleep sleep sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh ooh ooh ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as as as as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice voice voice voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember remember remember remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas Havas Havas Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and I I I I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform waveform waveform waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware aware aware aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind behind behind behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center Center Center Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the the the the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt doubt doubt doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed Health, Health, Health, Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit circuit circuit circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin Austin Austin Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of of of of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some some some some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something something something something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is is is is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're also going to break break break break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around around around around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why why why why I choose to do them and why I do believe that it is is is is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And And And And as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it it it it was for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got got got got so many great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our our our our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on on on on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work work work work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to to to to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Fine Fine Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick quick quick quick read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was was was was overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It It It It was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that that that that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about about about about starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll We'll We'll We'll anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to to to to host this podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on on on on anchor we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the the the the rest you just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and and and and best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or or or or download the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio radio radio radio. We appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do do do do this without you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave leave leave leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links Links Links Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to to to to Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for for for for the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We We We We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts at at at at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find find find find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, Now, Now, Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden dot dot dot dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of three workouts every every every every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all all all all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment equipment equipment equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a chair up some point, but but but but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around the house house house house. And so if you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go and and and and get the planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here here here here we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on on on on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, I'll I'll I'll I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here here here here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you know know know know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa grandpa grandpa grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so the Can always always always always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to to to to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's it's it's it's kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last last last last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I I I I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my age age age age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the the the the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was was was was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're We're We're We're up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting getting getting getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot lot lot lot of different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the the the the Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for for for for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to to to to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no no no no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Grace Grace Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's it's it's it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning beginning beginning beginning of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be be be be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following following following following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, shit, shit, shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create new new new new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / bogomil new new new new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom. Doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We We We We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So So So So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different different different different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it it it it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess Tess Tess Tess vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going going going going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead ahead ahead ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March March March March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma is is is is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going going going going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but but but but maybe don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because because because because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to to to to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good good good good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk talk talk talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist journalist journalist journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got got got got a mortgage. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very very very very much for having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of of of of your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of of of of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird weird weird weird for me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll I'll I'll I'll give it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well well well well because obviously this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone phone phone phone in or do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in in in in from the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, events, events, events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door door door door and I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you you you you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody anybody anybody anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice voice voice voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor will will will will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing pushing pushing pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you need need need need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from from from from today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the the the the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the the the the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working working working working on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth teeth teeth teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They They They They joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient gradient gradient gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why why why why she wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners listeners listeners listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make make make make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's There's There's There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets pockets pockets pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool cool cool cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a a a a victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side side side side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last last last last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series series series series chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited excited excited excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in in in in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to to to to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He He He He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today today today today is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's he's he's he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey Casey Casey Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get get get get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of of of of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It It It It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around around around around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is is is is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting podcast podcast podcast podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I was was was was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do do do do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to to to to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing doing doing doing it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of of of of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of of of of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of of of of traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was was was was in their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by by by by bison meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to to to to snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming looming looming looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys guys guys guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming coming coming coming at you. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks Hawks Hawks Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That That That That means every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode episode episode episode based on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and and and and actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a a a a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us us us us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, clients, clients, clients, but the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to to to to get them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So So So So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado Ado Ado Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is is is is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms platforms platforms platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is is is is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to to to to the node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler holler holler holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what what what what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the the podcast. So a big question that I get either via email or or or or over on our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with their their their their online store and they want to know what they actually have to get done prior prior prior prior to launch. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how how how how to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff stuff stuff stuff. You can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post post post post a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but but but but once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to to to to build the business then the question is, well, what do you actually have to to to to get done before you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first first first first supplier before you get your first sale? So I want to cover a business business business business checklist in this podcast go over a couple different options you have and then let let let let you know what I do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's let's let's let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad bad bad bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I I I I did two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't so hi everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi Hi Hi Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable sizable sizable sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because because because because you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during during during during our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you you you you. So if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now now now now. What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to to to to create and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer computer computer computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just just just just kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money money money money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've I've I've I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off off off off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode episode episode episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We We We We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk talk talk talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver Denver Denver Denver at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at at at at Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of of of of Lacrosse to sneak into this show here before I get into it as always always always always be sure to like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to to to to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts t-shirts t-shirts t-shirts and we're building on that every single day and then a little bit from from from from our sponsor sideline swap best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear gear gear gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally literally literally literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back to to to to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because Nick was was was was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a a a a this is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste caste caste caste. So I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning tuning tuning tuning in. We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows knows knows knows so What is this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See See See See the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going going going going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from from from from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with with with with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the the the the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about about about about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a a a a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's it's it's it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations conversations conversations conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and and and and Shay. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we we we we talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we we we we were reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't don't don't don't have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea Shea Shea Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading reading reading reading Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock rock rock rock right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just just just just to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down down down down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his his his his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with with with with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I I I I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center Center Center Center and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with with with with Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having having having having me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for for for for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I I I I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're you're you're you're an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a a a a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This This This This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a a a a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live with with with with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So if if if if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So So So So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able able able able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not not not not connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an an an an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So So So So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway anyway anyway anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at at at at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium premium premium premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with with with with dr. Brian McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that that that that in the United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We We We We know that those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have have have have occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a a a a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone alone alone alone. As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one one one one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake Wake Wake Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush rush rush rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we we we we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's that's that's that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have a Mac bitter bitter bitter bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot lot lot lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't don't don't don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into what I I I I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff stuff stuff stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with with with with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk talk talk talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he he he he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our our our our acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm I'm I'm I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying studying studying studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah Utah Utah Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport Airport Airport Airport with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as as as as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He He He He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight flight flight flight Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a a a a flight to Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer offer offer offer free tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a a a a quick look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly quickly quickly quickly assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and and and and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the the the the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and and and and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with your your your your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting digesting digesting digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours tours tours tours and having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Professor Professor Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in Round Rock Rock Rock Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually down to to to to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to pay pay pay pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught taught taught taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but but but but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a a a a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and much more now stay stay stay stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs needs needs needs Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with with with with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your your your your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited to to to to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta teesta teesta teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works on on on on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and and and and etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a a a a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you guys guys guys guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts. I just just just just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast is called catch catch catch catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought you know, know, know, know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know catch up up up up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the past few few few few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme of this podcast podcast podcast podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the things that we covered covered covered covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and things we we we we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with that said said said said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up. I finally figure figure figure figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up is going going going going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they think think think think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper decker decker decker decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett Brett Brett Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've we've we've we've got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get get get get into our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So So So So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let Let Let Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the the the the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let let let let me do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I I I I am going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house some some some some of the questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety safety safety safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old old old old house and then make sure to stay all the way to the end because I just just just just started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I I I I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and creator of of of of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with with with with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic topic topic topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This This This This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is is is is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel feel feel feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going to to to to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really great and and and and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days it's going to feel feel feel feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if if if if you got people chirping in your ear and your life telling you what a stupid stupid stupid stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you want to build or that career career career career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So I've got an email email email email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985 1985 1985 1985. This is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like like like like we have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on on on on the show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the the the the greatest month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it it it it is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage coverage coverage coverage that he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about about about about the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches speeches speeches speeches that we have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office office office office some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life life life life and that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some some some some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a a a a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known known known known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get get get get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She She She She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping shopping shopping shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served as as as as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels feels feels feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm here with Alonzo Alonzo Alonzo Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you dealing with all all all all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your room or you you you you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is always like like like like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium medium medium medium and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough tough tough tough choices in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of of of of payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle trifle trifle trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can can can can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends friends friends friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us today, today, today, today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from San Diego, Diego, Diego, Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to to to to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true. So So So So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a minute. Yeah, so so so so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? How do we what what what what do we think of what we title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to to to to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy easy easy easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had had had had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do do do do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just just just just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it it it it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not not not not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you you you you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the the the the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more more more more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really really really really hope you enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it it it it and share it on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, two, two, two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on on on on iTunes, I would love you to leave a review and I can't wait to to to to see what you think of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with with with with Towers. This one is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep keep keep keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or or or or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions opinions opinions opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the the the the regular program the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline landline landline landline and strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring my my my my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners Runners Runners Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for a a a a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels travels travels travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today today today today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start with let's start start start start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know know know know something. What you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it it it it your entire life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we we we we have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my my my my best buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this this this this major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April April April April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like like like like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe Deluxe Deluxe Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back in in in in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All right. So our our our our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart attack? attack attack attack How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time no see yeah, it's it's it's it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute like nine years. I I I I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you every once in a a a a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I I I I guess for you and I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes goes goes goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch. I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your your your your hosting skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out out out out. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a a a a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same same same same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the the the the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on on on on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live live live live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to to to to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring hiring hiring hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of of of of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together together together together on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the the the the creator of your own reality and it would be fair to say to to to to you blessed beans that you are you are in the process of creating most of of of of you two realities contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of of of of the greater Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as as as as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of of of of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute minute minute minute and we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can merge merge merge merge is for you to come with us in other words because we're not going going going going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your your your your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta ta ta ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a a a a graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was was was was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the the the the other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer summer summer summer camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be be be be rude. So she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head head head head out to a party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to to to to the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting reuniting reuniting reuniting here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has has has has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with blind blind blind blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is that that that that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the family all all all all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk with with with with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is intended intended intended intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference to artificial or natural natural natural natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature and is not intended to offend offend offend offend or defame as such all reporting is based on the sequence of events reported to to to to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer producer producer producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes purposes purposes purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show show show show. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the the the the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history history history history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save America. We We We We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have told about about about about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the United States the the the the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape escape escape escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built built built built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road road road road. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew blew blew blew through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in in in in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a a a a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South South South South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt felt felt felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life through through through through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin Dustin Dustin Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and and and and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique unique unique unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes yes yes yes they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things things things things most of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them them them them. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to to to to you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh Oh Oh Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know know know know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to to to to two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's It's It's It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why Why Why Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some some some some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been been been been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's book book book book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims. The The The The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, So, So, So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long and and and and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the normal normal normal normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality reality reality reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup cup cup cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we do just just just just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet yet yet yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day day day day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on on on on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this this this this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going to to to to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm staying at at at at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from work, but but but but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure that that that that I got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So So So So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions Millions Millions Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these these these these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We We We We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash flash flash flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Schrute Schrute Schrute Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech tech tech tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Beyonce Beyonce Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self self self self. So skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really really really really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers answers answers answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal Paranormal Paranormal Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show show show show tonight. I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also also also also a renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of of of of awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission mission mission mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this this this this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for for for for having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be be be be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I I I I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you you you you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Madison Madison Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description description description description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was was was was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was was was was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something something something something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of of of of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this this this this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all y'all y'all y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's That's That's That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Clare Clare Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check check check check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after after after after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for for for for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker speaker speaker speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and and and and Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she she she she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on on on on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and and and and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO chair chair chair chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had had had had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with with with with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We We We We also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with with with with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the the the the people who listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different different different different areas of the world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well well well well to explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons Dragons Dragons Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - - - - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating creating creating creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again because because because because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send those those those those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that Ali are are are are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing doing this podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been been been been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of blood-borne and and and and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app app app app or go to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a a a a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a a a a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot copilot copilot copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you you you you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and and and and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 4th 4th 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in in in in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late late late late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now now now now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my my my my Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and and and and also Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my my my my house. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something something something something as I mentioned the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is is is is Is there something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim Purim Purim Purim believe it or not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page page page page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, drink, drink, drink, you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a a a a text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote wrote wrote wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little little little little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about about about about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a a a a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out out out out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to to to to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's people's people's people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to be be be be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website website website website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you you you you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member member member member. Can I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to to to to 27? Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age age age age 30 above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, emotion, emotion, emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce introduce introduce introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You You You You already know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's how's how's how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention mention mention mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only only only only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't Don't Don't Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I I I I don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going going going going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker Banker Banker Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need need need need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here here here here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind of like like like like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really know what what what what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with a a a a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself a a a a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and and and and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability to love love love love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want want want want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that that that that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description description description description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly certainly certainly certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced announced announced announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something something something something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be be be be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been been been been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation explanation explanation explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below below below below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new new new new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So So So So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after after after after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just like I I I I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real real real real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met met met met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is the the the the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that and and and and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch touch touch touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music so much much much much to the point where if he can't touch it like he will start screaming screaming screaming screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was kind of of of of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're going to record this this this this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah yeah yeah yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one one one one eye open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we we we we are once again calling in because we will not we can't see each each each each other at the moment. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever ever ever ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're We're We're We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to to to to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he plays hockey and and and and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer soccer soccer soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All right. So So So So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from way back when I was was was was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm Beth Beth Beth Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep keep keep keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat chat chat chat with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So So So So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it since since since since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce introduce introduce introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's It's It's It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just raving about you you you you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really really really really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading spreading spreading spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not not not not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know know know know if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just just just just discovered that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of of of of modern spirituality with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people people people people wanting to discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics psychics psychics psychics aliens religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some some some some of the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences experiences experiences experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and and and and Views. I hope you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up up up up about what spirituality in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive intuitive intuitive intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have a a a a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't don't don't don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here's what what what what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make make make make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you you you you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red red red red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with with with with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are are are are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going going going going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or or or or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going going going going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some some some some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may may may may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was was was was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office office office office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy guy guy guy Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response response response response. He said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff was baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself himself himself himself. He is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile agile agile agile catechesis. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry be more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of of of of 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody everybody everybody everybody Welcome to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is is is is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in in in in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's It's It's It's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue virtue virtue virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness happiness happiness happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but but but but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we we we we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but but but but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first first first first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If If If If you haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So So So So let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to to to to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will will will will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And And And And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this this this this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this this this this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God through through through through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with this one one one one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it possible for for for for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're We're We're We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday. I want to to to to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really really really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of of of of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you you you you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and and and and you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you you you you are able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last last last last month and you can make a difference and I want you to see that as as as as something Really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes we just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find out out out out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am am am am. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be Be Be Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this this this this week? We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the the the the good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you you you you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson and and and and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of of of of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer killer killer killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true true true true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like like like like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned gunned gunned gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're We're We're We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I I I I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am interested in and and and and I want to learn more about and one of those things is Ecommerce businesses businesses businesses businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary licensing here here here here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things that somebody who who who who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which is is is is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created nine seven seven seven seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in the the the the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East some of of of of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn learn learn learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less less less less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your your your your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe Hancock Hancock Hancock Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with age age age age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that I I I I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in in in in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was was was was called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating exhilarating exhilarating exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you and I in in in in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no no no no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role role role role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor favor favor favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty specialty specialty specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce introduce introduce introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that that that that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it a a a a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we are welcome welcome welcome welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of just want want want want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start this this this this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually individually individually individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know know know know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew colvard. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one one one one. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson Peterson Peterson Peterson is in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing doing doing doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good good good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about about about about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right right right right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival selections going going going going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 1 1 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy feet feet feet feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at 9:00 to 2:00 2:00 2:00 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and and and and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for he he he he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by Willie Mullins Mullins Mullins Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and and and and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into into into into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if I I I I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the the the the TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? difficulties difficulties difficulties So I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying saying saying saying where is the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually actually actually actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up up up up. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast of of of of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted deleted deleted deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how how how how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just just just just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the the the the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the the the the past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure figure figure figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a a a a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why why why why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no no no no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and and and and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm I'm I'm I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out out out out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like like like like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta gotta gotta gotta tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told told told told the devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the the the the head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from from from from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy enemy enemy enemy cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch touch touch touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing standing standing standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God God God God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he he he he that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit. I have put up the old and put on the new I have been been been been given and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God God God God shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the shorter episodes episodes episodes episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not be be be be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because we're we're we're we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more than one one one one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals chemicals chemicals chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited excited excited excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson and and and and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to to to to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius Julius Julius Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the the the the trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to to to to today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the the the the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered. So So So So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of the century before before before before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This This This This podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a a a a few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview interview interview interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to to to to answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast podcast podcast podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by by by by leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a a a a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for for for for more you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product product product product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit habit habit habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod Tod Tod Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you you you you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches launches launches launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and and and and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you you you you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer does and and and and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels pixels pixels pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control. So imagine imagine imagine imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything from from from from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you you you you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is is is is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted wanted wanted wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that that that that they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it it it it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like like like like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and and and and edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard heard heard heard everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with with with with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your your your your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against against against against children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The The The The Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth myth myth myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories stories stories stories and lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC OC OC OC gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many many many many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in in in in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on on on on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good good good good. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was was was was much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to to to to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I I I I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're you're you're you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as as as as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am am am am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going to to to to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good start start start start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our our our our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we we we we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's what's what's what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? Vibe Vibe Vibe I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long long long long day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary legendary legendary legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star star star star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and and and and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener Listener Listener Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering covering covering covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of of of of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go go go go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time time time time what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if if if if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really Really Really Really do celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up up up up. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was was was was just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation transformation transformation transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's He's He's He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of of of of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some some some some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, bad, bad, bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want want want want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter 2 2 2 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit bit bit bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or or or or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the the the the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court Court Court Court of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City City City City bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the the the the Supreme Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go go go go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Richard Richard Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is is is is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above above above above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured obscured obscured obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an effort to to to to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the Rocky Rocky Rocky Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service Service Service Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed understaffed understaffed understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski worried worried worried worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or or or or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of of of of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program program program program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on on on on but no by at go by in a module on my adding adding adding adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got got got got something to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So So So So break that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor anchor anchor anchor has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do do do do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create and and and and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting waiting waiting waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how how how how Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets gets gets gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to to to to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the the the the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him and and and and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while I needed needed needed needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They something something something something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude attitude attitude attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the father in in in in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would would would would be talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be be be be your host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might might might might have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising advertising advertising advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and and and and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform platform platform platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for for for for 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American American American American. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody. Finally Finally Finally Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever whatever whatever whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We We We We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know know know know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, suppose, suppose, suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times times times times mentioned in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading reading reading reading an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I I I I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just just just just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history history history history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I I I I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ PJ PJ PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number number number number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam Adam Adam Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me me me me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the the the the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look over this this this this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster podcaster podcaster podcaster starting real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo poo poo poo pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey grey grey grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if if if if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week week week week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast podcast podcast podcast with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly Grizzly Grizzly Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them them them them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one of of of of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement of of of of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded for for for for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March March March March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, Georgia, Georgia, Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy in in in in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack attack attack attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the the the the division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I I I I do division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitchtv twitchtv twitchtv twitchtv. Slash on diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word word word word of the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over over over over the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word word word word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is is is is related to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it it it it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in the the the the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who who who who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used used used used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We We We We are discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin Colin Colin Colin tie. I'm excited to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go go go go through and do our names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what what what what our favorite cartoon is. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I I I I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got got got got the main employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy cheesy cheesy cheesy and a lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 16 16 16 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at at at at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original original original original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders transgenders transgenders transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is is is is back from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy boy boy boy Rider, but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As As As As always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any any any any condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal personal personal personal experiences. Please seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current current current current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 3 3 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top top top top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after after after after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers Bowers Bowers Bowers and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda Linda Linda Linda ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a a a a question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're we're we're we're vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot lot lot lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Rho Rho Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here here here here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this this this this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation conversation conversation conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body body body body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us us us us to speak about and so my question for you just to get right into into into into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my my my my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let let let let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast. We We We We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There There There There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your your your your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can can can can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you you you you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and and and and Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's It's It's It's a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all all all all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast podcast podcast podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here to to to to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I get get get get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on on on on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe follow follow follow follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which is one one one one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys guys guys guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and and and and guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety because at the end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of of of of everything right. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and and and and know that you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant meant meant meant to be. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so so so so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and and and and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled disabled disabled disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps disables us more more more more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which might seem seem seem seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and how how how how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those those those those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to to to to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells Wells Wells Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts outskirts outskirts outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a a a a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small small small small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell cell cell cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose levels levels levels levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is the movement movement movement movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the pancreas. The The The The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the the the the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into into into into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of of of of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that that that that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the the the the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This is actually actually actually actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin show show show show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been putting putting putting putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people on on on on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I thought I'd I'd I'd I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first half there there there there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty spotty spotty spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on on on on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y y y y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of of of of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the morning. Hoping that that that that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut the bank of Japan Japan Japan Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new round of asset purchases purchases purchases purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the cash rates rates rates rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the right right right right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump Trump Trump Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the the the the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points points points points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast podcast podcast podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret today today today today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene Gene Gene Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back back back back in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or or or or comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I I I I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came came came came on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast podcast podcast podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in in in in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the the the the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these these these these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it it it it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Pearson Pearson Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to talk about about about about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, Bulldogs, Bulldogs, Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did and and and and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big early and and and and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and and and and then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they they they they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of the time time time time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt felt felt felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a a a a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've we've we've we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of of of of adult subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable suitable suitable suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something something something something about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's it's it's it's happened to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made made made made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of of of of child abuse and this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers workers workers workers therapists doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent Crescent Crescent Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 2020 2020 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by by by by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot dot dot dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right right right right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? right right right I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates updates updates updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out out out out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I I I I like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of of of of view and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will will will will also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this this this this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like like like like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year year year year old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her her her her family out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original original original original today. We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield Wakefield Wakefield Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune fortune fortune fortune. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My My My My name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, salon, salon, salon, and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode episode episode episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus focus focus focus of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and and and and every Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you you you you guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and and and and we'll give you the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's who's who's who's telling the first story? I will start with my first two because these are the the the the these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three three three three days later, which if you know us we are the days with with with with three beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to to to to bring them home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three three three three boys, and this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every Every Every Every day almost every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, hey, hey, hey, I have a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I I I I send them your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this this this this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I do do do do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in a western western western western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you simply Google Google Google Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information on on on on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put it it it it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm I'm I'm I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys boys boys boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha Alpha Alpha Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori Lori Lori Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s 80s 80s 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or near the the the the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is from from from from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles circles circles circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the the the the story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Farm Farm Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that that that that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a a a a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but but but but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher Switcher Switcher Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not covet covet covet covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle cattle cattle cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite quite quite quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do do do do not interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden forbidden forbidden forbidden above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not not not not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be be be be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid Jammers Jammers Jammers Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter by Roald Roald Roald Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the short short short short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Roald Roald Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most most most most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda Matilda Matilda Matilda. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about about about about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband husband husband husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but but but but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say that that that that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the reviews with with with with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted to do a a a a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted to thank everyone everyone everyone everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the two guys guys guys guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions made made made made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been amazing. I've I've I've I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So a good good good good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I I I I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi Hi Hi Hi everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr mr mr mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey Hey Hey Hey move dirt that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried buried buried buried so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks folks folks folks enjoy this episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been been been been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a bit bit bit bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once again. We're on on on on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another episode season season season season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit later later later later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm I'm I'm I'm Rob Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep keep keep keep going. Hey want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast podcast podcast podcast. Thanks. We actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and and and and we were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet outlet outlet outlet and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it it it it and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things things things things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email email email email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so so so so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell tell tell tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free free free free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the the the the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more more more more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well well well well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to to to to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also also also also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives gives gives gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either either either either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the the the the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your your your your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting interesting interesting interesting topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin pumpkin pumpkin pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / / / / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / / / / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you you you you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode 48 48 48 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so so so so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of you you you you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 48 48 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You You You You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to to to to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 48 48 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at at at at the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of of of of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate fortunate fortunate fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to to to to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally totally totally totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be be be be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also also also also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download download download download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at at at at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times times times times the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five Five Five Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 50 50 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your your your your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the the the the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going going going going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that happened happened happened happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we we we we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Iger Iger Iger Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of credit credit credit credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of limb Bush Bush Bush Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC SEC SEC SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual mutual mutual mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said said said said that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going going going going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one one one one of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe believe believe believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further further further further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can can can can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as as as as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be be be be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of of of of life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild wild wild wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based based based based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and and and and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in in in in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters matters matters matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3 3 3 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept wept wept wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and and and and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys guys guys guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for for for for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old old old old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the ups ups ups ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little little little little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi Hi Hi Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host host host host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as as as as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that that that that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand firsthand firsthand firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find ways ways ways ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of of of of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always always always always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes taxes taxes taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody somebody somebody somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called called called called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and and and and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you you you you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how how how how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read read read read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught that that that that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions and do do do do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means means means means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may may may may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden wooden wooden wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and and and and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor labor labor labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered whispered whispered whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that that that that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another another another another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The The The The world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since since since since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend weekend weekend weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you are are are are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son all this this this this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's That's That's That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, you know we we we we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs now today. We have have have have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've I've I've I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready ready ready ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had had had had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you you you you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there there there there. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with with with with a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get get get get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing doing doing doing episode 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do do do do that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney and I'm kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So So So So I'm Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say say say say I'm I would classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist artist artist artist. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I I I I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any any any any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast podcast podcast podcast video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off off off off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been it it it it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of of of of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up up up up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's that's that's that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how how how how Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, Now, Now, Now, this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and and and and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your your your your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now now now now dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g g g g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got got got got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played played played played podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and and and and until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm I'm I'm I'm a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Admiral Admiral Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes jokes jokes jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to to to to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a a a a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's There's There's There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can can can can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one one one one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely definitely definitely definitely just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much much much much love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's today's today's today's topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I I I I asking like what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities insecurities insecurities insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel feel feel feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which which which which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to to to to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for for for for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm your host host host host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast. If If If If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is is is is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to record and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place place place place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get started started started started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through through through through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying laying laying laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can can can can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to make make make make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if you you you you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your your your your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find find find find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find find find find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top top top top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after after after after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of of of of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so so so so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades grades grades grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have have have have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello hello hello hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to to to to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the the the the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? This This This This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat chat chat chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today today today today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so so so so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of of of of the most loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and and and and a quick learner. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like like like like Laura knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved loved loved loved also lures the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're you're you're you're trying my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know know know know like to keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real real real real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like like like like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you always always always always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew had had had had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited excited excited excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what what what what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So So So So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why why why why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind mind mind mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that that that that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea idea idea idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? you you you I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's it's it's it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and and and and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we we we we did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded recorded recorded recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit bit bit bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, know, know, know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro intro intro intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet snippet snippet snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So So So So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the the the the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting hosting hosting hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it it it it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You You You You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that that that that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler simpler simpler simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know know know know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting hosting hosting hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with with with with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, Studios, Studios, Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you you you you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short short short short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I I I I have written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the the the the anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of of of of which is free and you can get on my mailing list to be be be be notified when each book is released and how you can get it. I would really really really really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from from from from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the the the the podcast if to left to get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special special special special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going going going going to work out but I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be be be be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant a little Bit and and and and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is fun to to to to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's your your your your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun to to to to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad. Hi Hi Hi Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's That's That's That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's it's it's it's actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because because because because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a a a a nice little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one one one one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this this this this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the the the the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope hope hope hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in in in in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in session and and and and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode two dining dining dining dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on Student Life Life Life Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week to to to to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You You You You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm I'm I'm I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board board board board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions admissions admissions admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from from from from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with with with with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph Dolph Dolph Dolph today is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's It's It's It's so hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this this this this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and and and and I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now Now Now Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the the the the time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact fact fact fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your your your your personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also also also also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and and and and he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission mission mission mission of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to to to to live with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said said said said it would in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to to to to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises promises promises promises only when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Merriam-Webster Merriam-Webster Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something something something something will certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised surprised surprised surprised. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that that that that I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little little little little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It It It It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards the the the the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following it it it it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when when when when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss loss loss loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we we we we used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of of of of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit bit bit bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will will will will guide you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus finibus finibus finibus 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of of of of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do do do do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the the the the ability to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive positive positive positive thoughts to a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with with with with his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this this this this meditation to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this this this this week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't didn't didn't didn't watch the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has has has has nothing to do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she she she she just happened to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love Love Love Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm I'm I'm I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We We We We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love love love love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she she she she just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and and and and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a a a a little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but but but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down down down down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session session session session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee coffee coffee coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where where where where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and and and and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this this this this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in in in in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of of of of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals professionals professionals professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment investment investment investment team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment investment investment investment ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University University University University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken undertaken undertaken undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to to to to you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, all, all, all, it's because it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can can can can make money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need need need need to make a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the the the the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information information information information there for you right there. So do it, you know, when you do the the the the little like clip or whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid mid mid mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and and and and then you do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken drunken drunken drunken Harry Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your your your your name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book book book book that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading reading reading reading chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that that that that I can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know know know know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because because because because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do do do do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my my my my name is Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode episode episode episode. We completed the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you you you you fall in love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take take take take a long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back back back back for part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little little little little bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more more more more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're we're we're we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my my my my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know know know know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs songs songs songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a a a a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This This This This is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you you you you our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call call call call to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a a a a pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does does does does it pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in in in in all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea idea idea idea could turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch pitch pitch pitch sounds like when all you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin napkin napkin napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and and and and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with with with with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win win win win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to to to to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be be be be here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty pretty pretty pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes but especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake Blake Blake Blake level who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow follow follow follow him on Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan fan fan fan by day Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and and and and does a great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further further further further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about about about about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo Yo Yo Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been been been been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one one one one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say say say say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able able able able to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I also have have have have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it does the the the the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like like like like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will will will will be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus refocus refocus refocus and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory memory memory memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and greatest greatest greatest greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who is thirsty thirsty thirsty thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy puppy puppy puppy and he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I I I I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to to to to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This This This This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going going going going to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half half half half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but but but but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need to to to to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different different different different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what what what what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about about about about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation creation creation creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's It's It's It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't don't don't don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you you you you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and and and and it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks weeks weeks weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, true, true, true, or at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the the the the music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do do do do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the the the the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the the the the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going to to to to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning morning morning morning handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back back back back to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo Whoo Whoo Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes Yes Yes Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be be be be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast podcast podcast podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting getting getting getting suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics topics topics topics you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you you you you are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise praise praise praise you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of of of of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up up up up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours hours hours hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set set set set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do do do do so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why why why why because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, all, all, all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike Mike Mike Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay Okay Okay Okay. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to to to to fucking kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day day day day that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life life life life trying to prove the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 making a rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went went went went off of it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as as as as we could have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being being being being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing amazing amazing amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had had had had girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you you you you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's very tricky tricky tricky tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, duties, duties, duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses gcses gcses gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in three meetings at at at at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways of getting around around around around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF EF EF EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you you you you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy copy copy copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for for for for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send your your your your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again again again again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the one one one one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space one one one one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York Times bestseller bestseller bestseller bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called on the bright side side side side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught up up up up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode episode episode episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two two two two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and and and and we're all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is what's interesting is is is is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas ideas ideas ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything that like makes our our our our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go ahead and please tell me about about about about your background how which like of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada theravada theravada theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster. And And And And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made there there there there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've explained explained explained explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were looking at at at at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like also not not not not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we're looking at at at at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing you know so you know on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. Do so you know you know we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from uh so like history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful female well like like warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia like you know you know called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons okay okay I mean and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good form before um like uh we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I well I mean like got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name so like well is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports like okay well is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you um you know I mean have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true so okay uh also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I mean like um I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true um you know so Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle you know you know uh of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I okay um uh lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made you know so so sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or like uh like to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide you know well uh range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine so like well playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been um like like a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view so like like you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not so uh you know been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a so well um few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting okay um um down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to April like uh like 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two like like like games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent I mean I mean um. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with uh I mean well a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events like so I mean from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on so so so Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open so okay uh 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my okay well um snark the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline um okay I mean Calloway, and for some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today I mean so uh we are shifting a little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking I mean uh uh about Caroline, but we're going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with like uh you know pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've opened I mean like well up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a listener, so I mean um even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the question and like you know uh then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept that is okay well um this If is this the quad point is this or we getting cold. I feel okay I mean uh like this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do you always uh um you know wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as you just smack it uh um you know down six months because I it's been nagging us for the last two weeks I mean well so. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal and like be like so uh sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured walks uh you know um. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration you know I mean I mean work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing you know okay so for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a I mean I mean um huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, you know um um but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper uh I mean so diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many well uh like good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to so well okay start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's I mean well you know like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement like I mean I mean games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet um well um dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies okay I mean you know and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to so um okay see cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own I mean I mean um safety seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony like well uh is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium you know well okay. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm um uh okay trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a um you know um wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife well uh uh. It's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here I mean I mean so water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're like uh like going to start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we you know um so just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah um well well. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode okay well you know includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We well well I mean advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good like you know uh day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain okay I mean so snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich well so like water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone well like well angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his like like so gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just okay well so beneath the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode um so um is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part I mean I mean like in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going well I mean so to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome you know well um has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We you know well okay are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these I mean like well sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have like like so heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let um well so you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to I mean like like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends like like I mean Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that I mean you know okay are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast you know like uh where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going from said, so you know well bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the ideas like okay you know. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah. It's uh uh so kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through and learn well you know uh things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in that like okay um incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just um uh okay like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told like uh you know I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the Golden um well like Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough like you know um together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the I mean so I mean other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in um you know um this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a okay I mean you know tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast well um like is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo um I mean uh may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on well you know uh that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed I mean uh I mean a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually um you know you know opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do well okay okay with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a well you know I mean podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their you know okay so families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned okay so I mean and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of like um I mean the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So like um well if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure like I mean like that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family okay you know okay to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be like uh um more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get like so uh into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast. This is well you know you know no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up Perfection or okay so I mean this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I think that uh okay you know it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect like I mean well um Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single you know well like person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may uh you know so look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that um well like they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm you know well like gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a well I mean so podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app that okay so okay allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've so well uh got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including music I mean uh okay to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or uh I mean like computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to you know like you know get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in 5 so you know you know minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with like so I mean only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning okay so well Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate okay okay uh the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear like like you know perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by Craig like uh you know gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten um well like. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off well so like the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at um um okay a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this is about so you know you know my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple I mean you know so do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things um like like you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian like uh I mean. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile you know so uh device is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at so I mean uh home. You can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and so you know well you travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to uh like uh do it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it you know so uh. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and okay like um boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers so well so your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth well well I mean on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we you know like well talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two okay like so heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are uh like you know blind and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 well well well years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or uh I mean like hear her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate okay you know um with her, but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we so you know okay need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes well well well that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we um well like we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's part I mean uh like of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, same you know um like goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the the it so so I mean was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March so um so 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video like um well games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables I mean like so and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As I mean so like always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the uh I mean uh copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like well like you know Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out uh so you know to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase you know like I mean again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear uh like like the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber like I mean okay the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as okay well uh he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge like um like of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him um well okay of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you so like well shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears uh well okay rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will so um okay be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his so well well sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you so like um you know much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy it. If uh well you know you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really uh like um help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing like um like. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, um like um you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We I mean so uh hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you um okay so so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple so so uh of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also you know like like forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're like um I mean learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out uh I mean I mean that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much well I mean so as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the you know I mean um easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their creation okay um so tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or I mean so well computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it you know I mean um can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you uh um you know can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's so so well everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on um I mean um their app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot I mean uh um f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast well okay so. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording like you know like just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today well so okay. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City um you know you know Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win uh uh um the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals um like uh and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well so I mean well that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole um you know like show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to um okay so it. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm you know okay so just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this uh um uh weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well so I mean um. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick so so okay minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about um you know okay anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me so like um explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean you know so right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So like well okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can okay like like also make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you well uh like guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app well like okay or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the uh like like show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to like I mean you know all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium I mean um so account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus well um like you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users like um I mean can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening well okay so to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be I mean well so sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse well um I mean podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you um like um never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 like like well mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of Roman well I mean uh Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find you know so like your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get well like well cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this you know okay uh opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have like you know so theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't like uh um stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my well so well journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to okay like so become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers well I mean like show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're I mean like like going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and okay I mean uh I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop like well um who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow well I mean I mean me at all then you know, I have said since day one the well uh so beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all uh um uh knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to okay you know uh finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it um so like has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with I mean I mean uh uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of complicated and okay I mean uh confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through you know you know well a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is um uh well awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools that allow uh well okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer um well well. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple okay I mean uh pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast with I mean you know um no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you so um like can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's worth it okay so uh all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do not like I mean uh get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to make um so so a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot so okay um f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the I mean so well one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the you know okay like 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking about I mean like okay it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible uh okay uh low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have so I mean so Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know well um uh send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole that from Krista, uh uh I mean so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make sure like so okay you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I mean um you know I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they okay um well also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I uh like well dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have um like so shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I you know uh so just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie I mean okay um were who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half you know okay well over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we so okay uh are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well uh so okay research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live like uh okay work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and well like so everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves uh um you know because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and uh uh okay we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to me? So we um like um thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are what kind of identities so um I mean we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my you know um I mean God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in um I mean so specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think okay so like he's okay. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened just this so well I mean morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as you know well I mean polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga well I mean I mean one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the so like uh question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts so okay like. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, I mean uh you know that's fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long um uh so was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of you know so I mean this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This okay uh okay is a good book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book so um like. I love this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U like uh um s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here I mean so um for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a um um uh sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend uh you know well. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed okay I mean I mean ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like okay you know well we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke I mean I mean okay up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my uh you know you know alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a well well um rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's I mean um um like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was okay well okay just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good for so like so real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give uh uh um you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of uh um um your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account you know so so necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one I mean you know okay you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never uh well like miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And uh um uh if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline like I mean um no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure you know so um to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your so well like library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking I mean um well of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal so like I mean relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer okay um well podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in uh well okay this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the uh I mean um order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building muscle you know so well as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This um well uh is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute into so okay well the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit of a okay well uh new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the set so okay like up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But like I mean like now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on you know uh well I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's well okay well all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got um um okay. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for so uh um the people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 like so you know episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple like like so music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old I mean well um patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die uh okay um in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to like uh so today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature okay uh like of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners you know you know okay under 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial so okay you know killers who was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's you know well like I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to well so you know Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the you know I mean okay internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one time. So I mean well like very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast that I'm putting like well um together for you today? But before we get into that, I want to give well like you know a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been running I mean I mean like a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on so like okay iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw to win um uh you know a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine like I mean okay spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your uh you know so host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and awaken to like well so your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories and deeply I mean you know I mean dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience. So come okay okay I mean on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy okay um you know emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back. So so um um it has been about a month since my last episode but I went off to uh okay okay have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the um okay um basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to well uh well skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic you know I mean um cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put uh uh so the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too well so I mean fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble so uh you know a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on well like I mean make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because okay well um I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn so like um in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes uh I mean you know. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and well um well digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we okay I mean you know just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create um um um some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in well like well this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good um you know okay escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you like uh I mean see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here um so uh to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and okay like uh advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the well you know well industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be like well well talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier you know so I mean. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and so you know so listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about well you know okay doing a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I okay so I mean just had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under well so I mean the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you um like like don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our podcasts so um so and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just I mean like like break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing you uh uh you know have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that okay okay like you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your okay well I mean computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on you know okay like Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money you know okay well from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, like um uh which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all uh like um in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot you know uh okay. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box I mean okay so and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing like um so it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that like um so and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's uh so uh bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick okay well well up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uh you know um uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? like uh okay Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and you know uh like I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus um so like of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to like you know well hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates. You you know uh I mean can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths um like okay today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that like I mean you know you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any man so like so is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher like um you know who has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas um you know you know. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for you know well like three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees okay um well from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have okay you know you know finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think so okay you know anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill you know I mean uh Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on okay like so the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing well um you know for all those years. He was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right uh so um sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin well well I mean. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm okay so you know not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're here well I mean so with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our conversation like uh um on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st. Francis. Okay you know uh um. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience like a okay um like stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it and yeah so okay like I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about so you know I mean anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to so uh so explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation well so okay tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone um uh okay or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we um like so do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you so um uh. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many well uh well more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's like um you know everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and well you know I mean download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started uh like you know. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell like like uh you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but um okay okay now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other I mean you know uh podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, well um uh it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To well you know I mean another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain like you know you know about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right um okay I mean. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's okay well you know done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you okay well well already did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been okay well like out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait um um so to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was I mean uh um like wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one uh uh um of those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're um I mean um going to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, uh well uh oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to okay um um talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay you know so you know now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the I mean well okay 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is well um well my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly um well like about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast well like okay and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account so I mean you know and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to so well uh save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite okay you know you know podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your well you know well friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline okay um you know wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too like um so many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if um I mean I mean you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on um uh um Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to um so so follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice like so like. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of um okay you know optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out mainly so um you know about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of thing, um uh well but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds who like I mean so offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side like like okay comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way you know okay okay to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves free you know I mean uh things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love okay so well free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit so I mean well your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your I mean uh so podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these I mean okay I mean platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your okay so like own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast I mean well okay all in one place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor like I mean you know dot. F m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for okay you know um C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing okay um uh her journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the I mean uh you know show and don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, like um okay welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks I mean okay um in the C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced so uh um. We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting okay I mean okay as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of I mean um uh life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and you fall um I mean I mean to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my breath like um so is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of Life kissing okay I mean uh my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the mountains I mean like I mean kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate your uh like like support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this way uh uh you know by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't I mean like uh often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more and you know so I mean today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We I mean well um see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration well uh well. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them uh okay I mean up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today so um you know as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I so I mean okay say? You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew I mean well um you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this um so uh episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation you know well uh where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they like like like are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We okay so I mean discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding well uh you know World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We so um I mean were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts so so okay and feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 like so okay 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and so well um reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel so uh so free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard you know I mean well team on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a so um okay few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I don't um okay okay know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by the way, you know um well but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh well so. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people have reached out um um well to me and asked for advice on how to get their podcast started or I mean you know you know distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it. It's free. There's I mean um um creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your okay you know like computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those of you that okay okay like have been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing uh uh like us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on well like I mean Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is uh you know so on some of them. I never even heard of so it does the work for you I mean like okay and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening to like uh well the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep you know like um in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it I mean so well. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end okay like okay. I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay so like I mean again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I like you know okay play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's uh I mean um let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people well uh so can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure I mean well so right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and okay like well a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus uh well I mean goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It I mean I mean I mean was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so I grew um okay um up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler um okay okay with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks I mean I mean um this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross you know well um around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel so okay uh. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I sound like well you know like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm okay okay well being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game and then like okay so Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game okay like I mean. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then um okay like drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came okay like so back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily you know okay well stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more uh so um the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 so um like episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is well okay okay actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which um well I mean is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather well uh I mean has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age like you know well. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue like like like on musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really okay you know well cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast uh like so Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward okay you know um to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest today um like so is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to my nerd um you know um Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating okay uh well Edge today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back I mean well so. Back everyone in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train um well you know up the California coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before uh I mean like. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about uh like you know starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about uh you know so anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and well you know you know foremost, it's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation um you know um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like okay well or computer. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it well well so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap um okay like opera royalty podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you know um uh you can make money from your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum you know okay okay listenership. Anchor is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So what uh well I mean do you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- um I mean I mean to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first okay okay I mean in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those so like uh of you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but well okay okay we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into I mean you know well it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and you know like okay Mike as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how you know you know like are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much I mean I mean I mean make sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by okay you know uh another and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert so so you know Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a okay uh like best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually like well so say it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I well you know I mean was very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right well like I mean in front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the well you know so rules again. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to okay so I mean use the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to I mean well uh fix the lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first you know so you know rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going um I mean I mean to be a great shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out but uh I mean I mean I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I so I mean well moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is so like so Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode okay okay uh and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I mean I mean so I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so like like you know I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of you know um uh film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way okay uh okay to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've um I mean um talked about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really so like okay am a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman you know okay um Prospect cards the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some okay okay um statistics with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those like um um specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, so like I was looking at like like uh like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have to um like so open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, right? I um so okay am before you're going to see how easy this is to do. Go ahead I mean well well. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh uh uh I mean and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, so um um otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's I mean well um your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at okay uh I mean the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself um um uh. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney you know you know I mean. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really well like um get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's you know you know well a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage well well like and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity you know I mean um today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know well you know well you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I you know um so have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad okay you know uh reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond well um um industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of well okay like them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that I mean okay so these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few common so I mean uh ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one myth I mean like um that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from uh I mean you know job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor like so well Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did I mean so so 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me uh um you know up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet like I mean uh on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created an Instagram I mean I mean okay account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community here well so um. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way and like uh so really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and uh okay like possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller okay uh like. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be well well you know learning all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys uh uh like are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used like well you know with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again um like well for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I um okay well want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English like um so teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to so so okay speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it well um I mean those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my well okay um favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very okay you know well distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical okay you know like carajo the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova well okay well attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski well like well bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it like well so did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, so like I mean March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels like so uh like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring break I mean I mean okay. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses. So if okay uh well you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your so so you know clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them I mean well like or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is important um well like information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even well you know well more important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication well like well with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the okay um you know habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a neglected I mean like so you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then you like I mean well know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So we've now got okay well I mean new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really good guests lined um uh like up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really enjoy Like so you know well always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast and you know um well you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love to I mean um so chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death so so you know of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember so uh like people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated I mean like you know to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with you know um like borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am uh like so your host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the you know I mean uh Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental like like okay health and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if well well well you need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode well okay you know. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim so so like Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at I mean you know you know Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what you know uh okay is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for so uh uh the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted like so I mean to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new way to I mean okay uh communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as you like uh well know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted and uh okay I mean approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several like you know I mean committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet been I mean uh like finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made to our I mean like you know budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department and helps well I mean like us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for uh uh I mean the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode uh um um. We've selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with well uh so additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide I mean well so variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with so I mean okay but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning um okay like Darkness desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following you know like you know them day and night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life I mean okay like alone. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the I mean so you know ground known to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global like like okay celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is like well um an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic you know uh like Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to like I mean like celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about I mean okay I mean today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip to like um so the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of like okay so The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to be altered well I mean um that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost uh um well three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me back like I mean I mean in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best I mean um you know the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and I mean um so place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard well okay well out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just um I mean so change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the so you know okay pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out um well well of the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You you know I mean um better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk you know you know you know now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have Alexis well uh well here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and Alexis like I mean like. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as like you know you know usual. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a well well well because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering you know well okay for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show well uh I mean. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we well so you know have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you well um I mean guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this so well okay video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists um okay okay on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the you know uh uh sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of you know well you know is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his so uh uh base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film um you know okay television and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work so okay I mean on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a um okay uh day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be like well uh directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our you know like well work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes okay well um it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is I mean like like all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will uh okay okay talk about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my well I mean like clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Shop so well um for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news um you know okay coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of so like like outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've well I mean so got to say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out so I mean I mean because that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he you know well so was trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show like well uh and that he Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So uh I mean uh if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three seconds because uh well like otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a I mean um okay podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get um well well anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit so like okay your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute uh so uh your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and okay like so many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership um well um. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app um so well or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM I mean I mean you know to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be uh like you know immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but four you well I mean I mean probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this okay um so is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning uh uh you know of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole I mean like you know nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week well I mean I mean the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, let them I mean like well March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out to so I mean like all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener well I mean uh discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo you know I mean um Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking like um okay him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the like okay I mean car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged okay okay you know across the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? um well so But his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and uh well so sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded um I mean so him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with like I mean okay the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk uh okay uh anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just you know I mean I mean ate shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but um you know I mean All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So like okay I mean what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back okay okay um when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations okay uh uh on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, right. War really uh so you know exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind of like you know so been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take time like you know you know to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, so so okay if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that uh I mean uh we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck uh uh you know Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join um um uh us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that okay okay you know conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks uh well like about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a okay so okay gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining well well I mean us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving wife and you've so well uh been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours okay I mean okay and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to kind you know um okay of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric uh you know like elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in so you know so older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated I mean okay so with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment like so like treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle so okay so has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make okay well so up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female uh well I mean ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year like like I mean olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than three years old okay uh okay the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an well um um outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying um well I mean healthy. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, uh uh okay I'd like to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me um you know uh. I'm a board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I okay I mean uh see you about 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go so okay um to the hospital and usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 you know well um patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally my patients have been very like well okay worried about the core virus and to be honest who is not been worried uh uh okay about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the okay well I mean easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and um you know um it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your uh um um podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean um okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you can make so I mean well money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that you need to okay I mean like make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to you know uh I mean Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee uh um uh. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a so you know you know name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of uh so um stream coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this well uh uh is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my you know you know well favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There so like okay are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know um like phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone like you know I mean and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast I mean you know uh for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So you so uh well don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of well I mean I mean challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough you know okay well experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I I mean so like go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the you know like I mean business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my you know um you know podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to uh I mean um do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today well okay um the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She um I mean uh is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted you know like well to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about uh well you know ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and uh uh so frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that well so um Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce uh like uh yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child uh so okay. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and okay uh so I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of like like uh days and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my uh well okay right is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up like so you know guys and gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, like like I mean Bloomfield. How's it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate so you know you know cow with if you can hear him. I don't know if you guys can I mean you know like hear him. And then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He okay I mean so is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my uh like so boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's I mean I mean um good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what um so so do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, well uh you know I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, like like uh I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists I mean um you know. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you um like uh here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself like well I mean. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine to you know like like yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you okay well like doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want uh so uh to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We you know okay you know still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back well okay well. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we um I mean I mean were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic you know uh um relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think well well you know you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with the Calgary Flames so okay like right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for you know so you know it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but by the I mean I mean like end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm uh okay uh told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've you know like you know sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I uh like so think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on uh like so the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in I mean okay like a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people I mean like um looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service like well I mean to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you uh so okay get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised like well like Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 I mean well you know Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on okay I mean uh a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me like okay I mean again, and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about so like uh getting started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and I mean you know okay now I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in you know okay well my own Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing like I mean um this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where so um you know you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So um okay I mean if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura horn artcom okay I mean uh. Forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the okay I mean I mean coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you well well I mean will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether I mean well well this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much I mean so I mean for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me okay uh um is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse uh um so me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is you know you know well. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked you know well uh to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, well uh I mean we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom I mean like well offsets is the place you're going to want to head on over to you can um okay so find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's uh uh like pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an angel okay well uh man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was uh like well it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the um uh um cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, you know um you know that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity so um you know Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't um like um lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was uh uh uh it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean okay well. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you well um uh to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will like I mean um distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast well um you know and many more you can make money from your podcast with no I mean so uh minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I I mean you know uh want to ask you a question. Are you living the life you want I mean well I mean to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all have that picture in our mind uh uh like not that life. You want to live my question to you is simple. Are you um like so currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well why the answers are I mean so I mean often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I like like I mean don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go um like uh Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving you know I mean um. Once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had well okay uh received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket like well like but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International uh I mean well Airport. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved um I mean like his preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made I mean um like arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the art well you know like of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our okay so so industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part like um I mean of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this I mean like okay world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm well um so here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've um I mean well never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? okay okay like You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's okay like like start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name um uh so is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to uh you know like our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat okay like I mean down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and you know um you know what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for you know you know so international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's um like so episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group you know so um Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them uh okay um being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie so like like at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV like uh I mean talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip I mean well like. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We have well I mean um so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with okay I mean I mean me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my immediate uh like okay left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having you like you know so here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB uh okay uh pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all I mean like uh for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world you know you know um. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host okay uh like other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start okay so so of any number two. And before we get going we want to give well I mean like a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier you know okay well enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over you know um so to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great I mean uh I mean training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or um okay so even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly CPD podcast okay so well full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC or a well um um sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your annual so I mean um CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog okay I mean you know. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for so well uh you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now I mean so I mean have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is okay uh so the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide uh you know okay. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time like I mean uh we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, even so so okay this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if I mean like okay you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into so well I mean Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies so well so. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts I mean uh uh are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The um well like run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your well so you know training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the uh um okay questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the um I mean well inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can um okay like be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so uh you know okay fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep okay um um dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to so well so gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a okay um like previous background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic well you know um base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some um so uh have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but well like okay they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in okay like you know sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know well uh well that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening you know uh um to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen I mean like like to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you uh like uh joining us. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with um so so Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is okay like well a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports uh okay so and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful well you know uh exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome um okay well. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author but well okay like most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan uh um you know magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like the hottest um okay you know Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some like uh you know astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have okay so like so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on she uh um um read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me uh so you know one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night okay so um toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush um you know so the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week uh like like and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women you know like so all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, well you know like she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana uh okay so. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila like well you know. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We talked like you know like with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a uh like so more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do I mean like um it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years you know um I mean. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did I mean you know so it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it uh um well was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat well I mean like on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope uh uh like y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even so well uh introduced Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash well well like the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you so um so. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets so okay uh the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, well okay like let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh well well okay. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about like so well that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a um you know well skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are you know so well still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and I mean so so we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard you know okay uh of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and um you know okay there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean so well right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free so I mean well. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple okay um um podcasts, so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing so okay um your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know okay so so me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an you know well uh Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we um I mean you know know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host like well well Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the so uh well podcast in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to well like like be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit I mean uh so about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before you know like like we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay well okay I mean or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and like like like opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan um uh um former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us so you know uh 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, like okay I mean you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R like I mean like their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career so you know okay how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and well I mean like ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is uh like I mean a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are um uh um looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us you know I mean well out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former so um like A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep I mean well like this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've so so uh you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media so well well Network. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for uh uh you know you today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk well well okay about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a I mean like I mean first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody you know uh uh look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get uh I mean like him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew well well so always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect like uh okay category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick you know okay um five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening so okay okay to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there like uh so in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of so you know like experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the I mean um I mean concept of not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which so okay like is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening you know you know uh your skills as a nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good um okay like score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets you know um um just a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get like I mean like a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first uh um uh but anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us I mean uh okay besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops um I mean you know update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold uh well I mean one of them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping like okay so. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took um okay so it off because I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you well like uh guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you so uh you know uh much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over to I mean so um our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome so okay okay t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and see I mean uh uh what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just so uh um as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so you know uh like glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the um you know you know woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we uh well so look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so you know I mean you know much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the so like so woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each like um uh one of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different I mean okay you know different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts like so like that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of so like uh which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going so you know well on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just well so I mean here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make you know well okay a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way I mean um I mean to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for like so you know free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you so I mean I mean to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you you know um um so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and okay um um many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so I mean well. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup you know uh so. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably like you know I mean the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if okay um okay you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying so well uh put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it well uh like just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been I mean I mean um in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team well like okay just doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So like like um it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and play like so I mean for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to um you know like get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F okay you know okay m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download um like um the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on uh okay um your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about well I mean you know whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make I mean okay I mean it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally so I mean well free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor uh you know like dot f m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment uh so I mean of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about like um uh anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's so I mean uh creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay um I mean or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard like you know well on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your uh well so podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in like like well one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor well like you know FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going you know okay well to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of uh so well an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look into well you know like it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam okay like well. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough uh uh okay free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we well you know well should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast uh so you know when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did our free well okay okay agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we both a new I mean uh like especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So we're you know uh you know really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen so like uh so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but like okay okay it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one well okay like one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are um so uh we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all uh uh um hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an um so so avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the like so well current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of um um you know order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining so um so your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So uh so so what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like um um I mean medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan I mean um you know of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea well I mean well how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor okay well uh dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's I mean like um creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your um I mean so phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free so um like anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs okay like like when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code you know well like. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and okay I mean well welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we so you know uh raised a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We I mean so so are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before so okay so you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's uh I mean I mean a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not well well you know in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past I mean um um tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s you know so you know film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso uh okay so brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways like well so he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's you know okay well not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing episode like I mean I mean 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our okay okay okay newest patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the you know okay okay week's countdown questions talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX uh you know um East and there will be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie so uh I mean and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello well so like Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really um um like productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight okay you know you know. It's been filled with a lot of news and then I also got some so you know so amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want okay um uh to say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I uh well like am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very well okay so close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided uh uh you know today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in you know so you know the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation you know I mean well of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven you know um um. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say you know um I mean thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging okay I mean so on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast I mean okay like. So thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier you know so so League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the I mean you know um bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It I mean so so was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off um well so is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly okay um I mean one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a weekly social well um you know media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings to help you so uh like and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and as you might well you know uh have heard last week, we're working on a brand new 10 times version so um you know of the science of social media. We can't wait to share it with you in okay well like just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on like well uh microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer to okay I mean uh have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in um so so this episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional well you know so where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in uh okay uh Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in 2nd Corinthians so so I mean chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 today I mean well you know 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if you know uh you know the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God well like uh a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent you know I mean um we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting I mean I mean okay it on we may not be found naked for while we are still in I mean okay I mean this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to I mean I mean like talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my um well well episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it um uh uh allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your well okay I mean podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with I mean you know okay friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute you know like so your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and um so I mean many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum so so uh listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free I mean well okay anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start so uh uh this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to okay I mean um this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the like I mean well left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole okay okay okay setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, I mean so so we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their um uh okay classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here you know okay well. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review uh okay uh us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have like like uh you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used like well I mean this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan uh like um of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page uh okay um the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her okay um um and her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, okay well so when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just I mean um like sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? um well uh Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, so like um I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest like I mean okay. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do like um well that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking you know I mean I mean into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take so like well a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after you know um okay. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 I mean you know um of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and well so uh not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+ so you know so. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her up you know I mean um for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog well well okay will be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming to like well you know Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara like well like Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack so I mean like Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person okay uh uh with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all um well you know about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share with I mean um uh you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super so um um Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and it's all uh I mean okay about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion um you know uh of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation you know you know uh coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I bucked I mean I mean well Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so if um um so any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be you know um uh making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I would um you know like just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug you know I mean okay. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series I mean like so of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in you know uh well New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out like you know you know one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a I mean um you know couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening you know like like to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy like so well Sykes. Thank you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery um okay okay. If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking I mean okay uh beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules so um okay or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour um um I mean yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my podcast I mean like you know episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely love it so uh like. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh like so me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so I mean you know podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for so you know so you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many I mean well I mean more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's I mean you know um everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do okay uh well is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get you know you know so started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard well I mean I mean about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't heard okay so so about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate first of like um like all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that allow you to record like uh okay and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My computer's broke well um well. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In addition to that I mean okay um it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be um like you know heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more dude. You'll be uh okay um getting your clout and your coin you can make money from your podcast uh uh like with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had your so I mean uh listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night well well um toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little well well like circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero so okay uh is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge um so you know is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and well uh so it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year you know well okay and take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build you know you know like that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the um like like John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven you know you know okay cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States. We I mean like I mean have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with six deaths okay like like all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any deaths in uh uh okay California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our villains podcast well I mean um. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the 1920s. He like you know I mean was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal underworld to hear you know I mean so more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you get your well you know uh podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits um uh so one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there I mean uh like with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for death well I mean uh by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here okay well um. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people you know um well would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned so uh I mean from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful like I mean I mean given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in I mean like okay this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to well you know like say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the you know uh you know weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and I mean so um stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used like okay you know to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get so well um ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been uh so uh a meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just okay okay okay you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the uh you know like world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects um like like every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True so you know I mean Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from some of our you know so well most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and I mean okay so show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free you know like well on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used okay uh uh will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson like um um of Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs you know uh well to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things like okay okay were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England um uh okay lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you um so well were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face like I mean so a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so okay okay uh for those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low you know um um as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval uh uh you know village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and so I mean um brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach so uh well okay up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew okay so um a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany you know um well Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said well like okay that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up who I mean okay like is going to be but not really a lot of people have had classes okay you know you know Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State I mean so you know. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months um like I mean ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool okay like I mean. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name I mean so so is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having uh like uh the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro well so like there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues like um um. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you well so um know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on you know I mean well to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch okay I mean like and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we um like you know always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely so I mean uh got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your host um so um and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools I mean like so you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream like okay okay life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to okay um okay fill you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively I mean um okay over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share you know so you know my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into like um I mean my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart you know um okay Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he talking uh I mean um chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about to um so okay analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And um um uh in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either okay um like places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out um okay I mean of his open hand and brings it out and then D is well okay okay high up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll so you know I mean be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our um I mean uh boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is um okay well Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then uh okay you know to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem well I mean so or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and like you know uh I'm Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, uh well um um, I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And you know I mean well I work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, um um uh and I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and so so uh have more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this you know you know okay podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that uh okay so I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's uh so like a podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use you know um you know anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet I mean well um. It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or you know you know um your computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so so um so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many okay like um more you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you I mean so uh are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need you know so um to make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are like um like joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like uh like like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the so so um coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the second um well well time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got to talk so like well about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get okay uh um to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and okay uh I mean we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just you know I mean um want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked okay uh you know a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all like uh uh my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into you know um you know my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like well you know um Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like you know well okay boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all costs, right and so well uh instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm not true. Dentist all you know you know uh absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a mirror right across from my uh like you know back to our it was like a glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be um I mean um brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good you know well okay time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast well so like. Thank you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise okay you know okay you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for I mean you know so my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for the so well uh journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by well uh I mean yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you you know uh okay know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the well um so part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far now uh like uh you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow like so well today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter you know I mean like found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no you know you know like one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick you know um like of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved um like okay murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's I mean like so most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts well I mean you know. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode like uh um includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a um I mean I mean young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the um well uh podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht Edge you know um um. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology can uh well okay support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big well okay so Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or not uh okay well mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in I mean like you know conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will so so okay be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of um like uh a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually like um like about the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what I mean like okay it actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology like okay like and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host I mean okay like John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter I mean uh so at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News you know well so Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of uh okay well a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia like so um that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware you know like um that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is you know like you know that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she um you know uh has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have so um like found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she I mean well I mean states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron like like well has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped well you know uh her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a I mean okay uh content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I I mean I mean um want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed you know like I mean to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus you know okay I mean. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that I mean um well guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark um uh like. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today you know um you know we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's I mean so so get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet like okay okay we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the okay I mean you know chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be but um um you know it was there. We took the we just say major so we had all the same like I mean like classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter you know um um art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her you know uh okay illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation so like well practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who you know okay um spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree planting like um like is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground okay um um day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories you know okay so that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on the culture well you know okay that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in the so okay um ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a place um you know I mean for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the well um um podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not I mean uh like drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or like um like build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of well so you know where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the first so well well level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products do you so okay well want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to the okay like I mean supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually want like I mean uh to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally okay I mean um the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with like I mean well you in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make sure so okay um you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these stores and actually um well uh build a real business now before we get into it, I should let you know that um like okay if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for okay so so you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce you know so I mean results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn okay you know you know more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each like I mean um workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or um like like under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of your I mean I mean I mean workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, I mean I mean you know let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages I mean uh okay to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble uh uh you know falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word well I mean well of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And you know so you know so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an so well well inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this so okay I mean. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text so so you know K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it well okay you know on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like braised uh um uh. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list given on the um um like bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch and recline so well like you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller like you know like and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome so I mean you know to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough and uh um so we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that like um um I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is okay um well a spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has you know well you know to start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back well um like. Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American so you know like Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of um okay uh our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's uh you know okay your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All so uh uh right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on well so uh Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did uh like uh you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no like well so prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my um uh like irresponsible and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the you know you know like podcast we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and um like okay we have a special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done uh well so special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I came in with my so I mean uh PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, I really divided up like well um walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair when I was you know so I mean at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he told me on like like like the spot that it was going to be on camera and it was Pouring rain uh uh so. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My husband I mean so I mean my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60. We well uh so are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and you know so okay it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our so uh I mean virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 am so okay well. Eastern standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, so uh so you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, uh um like we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business okay I mean uh tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / I mean you know um create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg like uh you know. Forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and like I mean so I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as you know uh you know unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes um well like by other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip so you know you know and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're okay you know uh here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster okay like uh from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man I mean I mean so. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah like so like. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I like um well well you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, don't worry you know well okay about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like real so so like faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out because I I mean uh um know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks like so uh podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will like well um be covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting uh so so Technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about you know like you know right from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole you know I mean okay to the latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to okay you know um the moon. So if like us you are another parking space and what to stay um um um up-to-date with all that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult um well like consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi well um you know. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All I mean well so I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back um um you know seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you know, uh I mean okay I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking you know okay I mean to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this um like well. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a hero okay you know you know to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the like so well podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video you know so um games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths like so um of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And like I mean uh so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this so uh okay far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here I mean um like. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today okay well okay is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release so um um this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and uh I mean um man. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you okay like well guys to hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do okay so I mean recommend. Going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think well um I mean that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way um I mean well that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like uh so um valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all about so you know well her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her uh I mean okay as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you I mean well okay brushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and I mean so you know brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and you know uh um every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is well you know okay heroines are a pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country okay so well their names were Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the okay uh I mean Trung sisters were born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a um well I mean powerful man and have them trained in martial arts back in those days uh well well Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino okay I mean like can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith uh like okay. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello um you know well. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re you know I mean so free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long you know um uh as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now um um like Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the um uh you know day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are like I mean you know so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first like I mean like place of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first um you know well place due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the um uh you know tiebreaker because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't like you know I mean care if technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look um well like at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is okay uh so the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat like so I mean the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the so like you know topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got okay you know like an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably so well I mean since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him now uh I mean okay. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a couple um okay okay of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All um so uh at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind of emerged I mean uh well at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told him to text well so uh her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast uh well like for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy like well well Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, so you know okay and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I like um well mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr like like like my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in like I mean uh secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to like um I mean talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First I mean I mean you know. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote like okay I mean unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is you know okay so the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we like I mean so know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were um um you know just talking about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this I mean you know like puck in a couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or you know okay like players that they were using it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar like okay uh players throughout the league the practice with the see if they can notice anything so you know I mean feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor which so well I mean is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor its you know you know like easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's creation tools you know uh well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay so you know. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on things okay uh you know like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast you know well I mean with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one okay you know uh place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to uh um like get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach like okay like the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host you know I mean uh Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so so uh well excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and so so well I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a well like I mean podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor so I mean uh I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you so like well everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your um okay um phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to like well you know record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your podcast so okay like for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify I mean you know so Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast with uh you know I mean no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so I mean like podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put so uh uh any money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal okay uh like. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right like well like from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of I mean okay so money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So so like well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best like like uh part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's um okay um everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free um okay uh anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches well I mean well proud apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing okay like like a lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need you know you know okay a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to okay okay uh the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes uh um okay and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today well uh I mean. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo I mean you know okay. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about so well um all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was okay uh okay taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He so I mean so had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing okay um um proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days you know uh okay and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I mean so well wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest I mean so well way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects so like well are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software I mean um okay to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host um um so the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while I mean you know uh also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives um like I mean me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either so uh uh from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us okay so uh the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting so uh so your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app I mean I mean um or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to you know like like hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called so uh I mean before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I okay uh like looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself you know so so on the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation so okay you know with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just well well uh what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how well uh so are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you so well okay know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit so you know okay of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make uh I mean so a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to you know so um record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will well um okay distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform okay you know uh such as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything I mean I mean um you need in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um so uh dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend. Hello um okay you know and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again for so uh um joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap. He is you know so well a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion soap. You so you know you know can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soap.com they so like okay make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in love with and so uh okay like grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we had a chance so okay like to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first you know um I mean time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're okay you know you know going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any you know um well Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have you know I mean um it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to you know okay well them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably could uh well like I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we so um like can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust um I mean okay me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to your dad uh uh like occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in I mean okay um this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio well um you know versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please um you know okay do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are uh um well say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am uh like well at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how you liked um I mean I mean this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching well like so top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways uh so uh to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and well so okay ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at one point or another they have uh I mean so had some experience where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be okay like okay there or they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high okay well uh Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who well you know uh were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at um well uh the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred you know well you know and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple of well well I mean those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us you know um uh today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and the activities like um so you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes you know um okay boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots okay you know okay of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're you know so I mean back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last okay so you know few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of right like um well now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this virus I mean um um has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and like like so we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the like uh um governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the I mean you know like US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep uh so um hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh okay you know. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit well um um your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you well I mean um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make I mean uh um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in uh like I mean one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So thank uh um I mean you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go to well uh like Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you uh okay like know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We just have uh uh uh an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a special special um um well edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars uh I mean like session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or uh you know like evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come uh so I mean for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I um okay um Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of you know okay okay the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and so so okay I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio like well like Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We uh I mean well talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was so so well the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we were well so like younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's okay I mean like a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we I mean I mean um have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So um like so like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor uh okay okay it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's um I mean um free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit like well okay your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast well I mean um to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you okay okay so can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man like I mean like. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything um like um you need to do all one place and to download the app go to so so uh anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in you know okay uh the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome you know um like to episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The um you know uh first episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking well okay well it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic of um I mean okay today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl so uh like goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna like uh well who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the I mean you know uh other day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask I mean well like because obviously the video that we posted the other day people had some questions like I mean uh because there it's like talked about in my first book 3% man that you I mean okay I mean can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and you know well okay cursing each other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of well so so podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you well like uh guys the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube so okay I mean. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully so you know well like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John okay I mean I mean by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from okay so um the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So like well okay essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this so uh um first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of uh you know um QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right now you know um uh. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender so you know you know Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo boys well I mean okay. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the roots um like uh. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back well um uh In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are you know I mean okay who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to like you know uh say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as I mean um uh you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see well well so random things. I support my right to party and you always you got to fight you know well so for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I okay like like became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach Bree well um um was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy okay I mean like school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree also has like so you know a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate major I mean uh I mean and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division II well you know so at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about okay so uh not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to dive um um you know into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and she's had like so like to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some situations um well I mean where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design like well okay and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment okay I mean okay business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not like like uh working so that it starts to work for you through human design and well well like Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income you know okay like each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in um uh well a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to like uh I mean align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip well okay so balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully I mean I mean um designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to well like so promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order like okay I mean use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes uh uh uh. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend so so so enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on um like like the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you so like I mean can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total so so um talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old um uh uh came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita like um you know Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting like you know I mean over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic well you know well as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin you know um well just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs so um okay burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to so you know you know hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty uh um okay fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the so so so December quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus um well uh hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that I mean so uh GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 04% I mean uh you know. That economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was like you know okay at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it I mean like I mean looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the uh so I mean fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and well like I mean the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I uh uh I mean stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind uh you know I mean of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are okay I mean like really great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do I mean like so whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your so uh you know kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and I mean so okay let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're okay I mean well the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the okay uh um messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all you know okay okay things motherhood. Once a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so you know okay I mean that you can share your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other uh well well messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your uh uh so health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello uh you know you know and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode okay okay so is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? okay I mean well Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few like so so weeks. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone like uh you know sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well so I mean well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here well like well to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you so I mean so are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that um well okay. I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, you know okay so it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic uh I mean um. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to okay uh you know build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present well well well is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want okay um so to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is uh I mean um it that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to um okay I mean sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving uh okay so and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice um you know like when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you like like uh episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals so so so to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid okay uh I mean of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested so well I mean by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or um I mean okay top reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked uh okay well a Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you so uh so recommend for personal development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm I mean you know uh going to share with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact well uh uh on me or the ones that are In the Forefront of my mind well well you know right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and listened to over the you know uh you know past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good list and okay uh so I did a version of this a long time ago, which is somewhere on um well okay the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as well okay well you know here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just have a lot of um so um real I say quote unquote real work to do but I will get to so well well this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact well well well that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn well okay um it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just I mean uh like really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us okay well well to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once I mean uh like in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome uh you know you know everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario uh you know uh Canada and he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has you know well well a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So um so you know let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the you know so um amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate well I mean uh of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films you know I mean so Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy I mean well so these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday like uh like. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow so well like conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now well well well ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on AfterBuzz um I mean so TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here to you know like you know talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give I mean uh okay you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first time so you know uh tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is I mean um uh an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course like so so your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said like uh um yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got okay I mean you know me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host so like okay here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money you know uh okay and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did well you know uh I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle uh um you know amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All well um I mean right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've um so well never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know I mean well I mean what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk you know um um now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys okay so you know are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're here like so um. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know how you know you know I mean we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over I mean you know well here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing you know okay like team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I mean like okay I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a okay well I mean reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien um so you know. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien okay I mean um and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our so like okay show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in uh well um US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with like I mean okay it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this um well um but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do um um uh a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have uh um I mean my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the well um um background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two you know okay I mean kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like okay um you know they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that documents like like you know everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers the uh so I mean people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians well I mean so about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain you know like like at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class okay um uh consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented like so I mean by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to I mean I mean uh the very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded you know so well live on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're so okay so going to hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from I mean well well the audience as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter okay uh okay trivia and an interview with somebody on our crew and I should well I mean I mean mention this room was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of well okay well this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about okay I mean like anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation you know okay um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay like uh computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple well well okay podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with okay um um no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one um you know like place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to well okay um get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for uh um okay tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl um so well. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind like well so of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we I mean like like changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you well you know so follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if I mean so like you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to uh like so them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling like I mean I mean and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done uh like you know so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or well okay okay browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the okay um um conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys so like you know first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but like well so it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time. It well like okay doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world. So okay you know you know we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was a bad Mike okay well I mean. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world, but like well um that's a story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you know so like you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you okay I mean you know. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the so so well benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation uh uh uh of Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose you know so well gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa um um so Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to I mean like uh be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm I mean well well going to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite um so uh poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy okay uh like vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of okay I mean um you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would I mean I mean um that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with you know so I mean dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy I mean so uh dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and well you know okay we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's like um okay no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing I mean okay like that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast okay you know well with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual okay um uh. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided like so well to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe you know you know like be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and like well you know my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore okay I mean okay topics that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each okay okay well topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new day you know so um could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering introductions for Daniel well like like and I where the idea for the podcast came from and some of our topics moving uh well uh forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if you were um well okay going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I would probably you know like so do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the same I mean okay um time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke I mean I mean um dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for podcasting I mean uh so. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I just love okay so so it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay I mean uh right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my so you know you know mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into the okay well you know episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy so so uh. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute your okay um so podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great okay uh I mean download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I uh um okay have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like I mean well well delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to go so okay like to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like uh okay uh wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such like uh uh yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is well okay so the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the okay uh like internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and how most um okay okay of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to hit them so uh you know up and leave a review to let us know what you thought and I um like okay hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking I mean well uh at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X like like well syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide I mean so well repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on I mean you know uh the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation so so well of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you know you know well you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast you know uh so form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast you know well um with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7 uh you know okay. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like so uh uh listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash uh you know well garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What well okay like up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson like like okay. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes okay I mean like and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know I mean I mean um what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working okay well so on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong I mean so okay about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a I mean I mean well Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as like uh well people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray you know well like areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue I mean uh like for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach like um okay and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have so well uh a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at so um well God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our like I mean you know community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a fat okay you know I mean callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But yeah, like okay you know so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with I mean um like midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus you know I mean well. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney um I mean I mean personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool I mean you know I mean Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is so uh um capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, um okay uh such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not like I mean like reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast I mean okay well listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have um um like but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling I mean like um you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked I mean um I mean. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu steak you know okay like uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard so you know so about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's so I mean so free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to um uh okay pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that like well okay allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer super well like uh simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay you know uh so for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you um so like where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each um uh I mean one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 uh I mean um years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for you know you know uh the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or whatever like um well platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today I'm okay okay um going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day so I mean I mean happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right well like uh now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's possible uh um uh that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't really know well uh okay what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year okay uh like. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting you know um um down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were journeying well you know like back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the I mean okay so World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that like you know you know cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports like like okay events from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special well um um listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes okay you know well into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in um okay um on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing you know like um that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at you know okay uh patreon.com slash Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do uh well like you want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading you know like like that week be a part of a Nori book club get special access to well so so Nori events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in okay um um that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, well so okay we like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very I mean so okay much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it well okay like isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you know I mean you know you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out I mean so I mean our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and so I mean so thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since we I mean like okay had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a well well um discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the okay um like conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked uh uh I mean up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto like you know I mean the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave fantasy well okay I mean Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday like okay um morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest some of well so you know the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to talk like um so about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I like I mean so know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate well well you know you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly uh you know uh talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an you know like well example, but they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly I mean so I mean swinging your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had like okay um much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest like so uh scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The like okay I mean former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and okay okay I mean Congressional staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought uh you know like he was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the well um I mean past few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from okay you know I mean the bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no um like uh matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He like well okay could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had like uh um I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and well you know okay why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be I mean uh uh at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on okay I mean so what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with well um uh source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite um okay you know some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like like um okay. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't okay well you know know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right well um so now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll uh you know uh find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we uh I mean like chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit with I mean you know well us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside you know I mean you know podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to like I mean well help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic I mean well you know in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content so uh um about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of I mean so you know the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode um uh so. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network uh um you know. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore so um um ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world so well uh really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you well you know I mean listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in uh well um the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys from you know um you know the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're well okay like doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you well um so said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but like uh uh what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this well you know well man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his you know um like location just a block away for over four years going it to you know you know I mean the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices like you know you know in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to like um so the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes so well so. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start okay I mean like a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't you know so I mean heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free you know um okay. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know I mean okay from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can okay uh well be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from so you know uh your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast well okay so in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go you know like uh to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent okay you know you know Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting so like uh with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week. We like um you know got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir well okay you know MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going to touch uh well you know on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right okay okay um lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day okay um I mean outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's well like um great pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing I mean so you know. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring a like so so room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me just so like uh see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall that's got okay okay well seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom CH um I mean like AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we are organizing a I mean so so dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at least a hundred and uh well okay fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for like like okay work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast I mean you know you know. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey John well well well. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago about like you know like a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record In like okay well advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this will come well uh I mean out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the uh I mean I mean air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh uh I mean like gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very like I mean well classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what it means uh well um to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas and podcast this so so I mean week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors of wild okay I mean I mean Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled um um uh with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our uh you know well menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman like um you know complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you okay so like about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the app okay so like. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend like uh um of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh okay okay I mean my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going you know I mean uh to do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to um so like ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard like I mean I mean and how do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of um uh like money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor I mean like well it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your uh um so podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you uh um okay so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make okay uh okay money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership okay um like. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do like like so it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England um um um. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab okay so well your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority you know I mean like roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and you know okay like only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's like you know like really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so um I mean you know is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I like I mean you know should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones so um so at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the so I mean like Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me so uh okay in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no you know I mean okay need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this uh you know I mean is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and you know like uh movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so I mean I mean like cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my like uh okay clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during I mean okay well our time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation um I mean so about her journey that led up to her and I working together where you know uh um she's at. Now what she likes about our time together things that you can't stand okay you know okay also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy cocktails uh I mean okay and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch of like okay I mean like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you well I mean well know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm so well uh gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with a like like well little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal voice one you I mean I mean I mean Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them well so okay and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so you know um you know I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in okay like uh the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining like you know okay was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went um uh I mean to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay like well okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all okay so um the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right I mean I mean uh now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this well so well is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie uh um like names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, okay um okay and I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, okay I mean so which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to so okay I mean talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you I mean you know you know so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You um uh so inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out well I mean um today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are well so like as a church and I just want to I just want to take this um well so opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco you know well like something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I you know you know I mean believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy um um you know Spirit to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is okay okay I mean advised this episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find like I mean you know offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy uh um okay January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland um like you know Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly okay so you know lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had so okay well come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle uh okay well instead. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today well uh you know. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a well I mean so national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as I mean you know um the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor well like okay band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one uh um so of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has so uh you know been accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation I mean um so this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and okay like you know tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called uh you know you know youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese like okay uh made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for okay um so spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be I mean you know I mean the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing I mean um uh this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name you know so okay is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker like so like and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? okay so I mean Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines I mean so uh. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to okay um well encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM uh like well to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not um you know uh know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like you know um you know five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I okay so um have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all well um okay the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides I mean so like. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else so you know uh. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it you know so I mean. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that like I mean so needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make well so I mean sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin well like okay show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the uh um uh Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk so like you know about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm uh um okay offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you I mean you know uh a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've like I mean I mean asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed so you know uh my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts I mean I mean you know life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today uh uh like I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford you know um uh ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters um like so kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell I mean I mean um you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He um um like said I want to tell you about something that I found out they if I mean like you know you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says uh okay uh it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I well so well was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles I mean like you know Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a I mean um I mean couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on you know you know okay Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see you know I mean well what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying like like uh The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. I I mean okay okay want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and uh like well something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know well like um that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a you know so you know lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any I mean okay like kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 okay okay uh 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit a well like um financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the article uh like okay shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of financial like so you know reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She really loved to save I mean um okay money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to make so like you know productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her I mean so so background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals uh so like for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for the you know so I mean future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to so I mean so handle and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in so I mean okay the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it I mean okay um again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career so okay you know paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The um well uh Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and uh okay I mean Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host okay well well. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director so uh well stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things um like uh to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going like uh okay to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to well well uh talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot beaches? uh I mean I mean You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's fun well I mean so. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews uh like you know or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess uh I mean so that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal I mean well so experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case um you know so at page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the okay um well podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer well like you know and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, like I mean okay okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um like um me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your um well you know podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So um uh uh it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can like um like make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make uh well well podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM like okay you know to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk I mean like I mean. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion you know like so assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about you know well okay how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in um so um your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that uh so um the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be okay um like priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from um uh uh John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have well uh okay I Loved You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, so okay well you will remain in my love just as I have kept my father's commands um um you know and remain in his love I have told you this so that my joy may be okay uh like in you and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love um I mean you know each other as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to well well so lay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want you know you know well to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy uh okay uh this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally free well so I mean that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your I mean well you know phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard okay okay well on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make um like I mean money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download so I mean well the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up so uh well guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book I mean um um one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one um okay I mean that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I you know so I mean am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing good uh I mean um. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly known as your well I mean well Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead. And anyways, my um um well name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally like I mean I mean aired on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is well well like not any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're uh uh well out walking the dog or driving the car where it's not so easy to well okay well watch the video version. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us uh so okay doing this, please do leave us a review wherever your podcasts we um you know well really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So today's highly uh you know you know recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer like uh like of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective like like like imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you like I mean okay can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once I mean you know you know famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually like okay you know travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel you know you know like Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading well uh I mean shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans like well uh of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation well well I mean fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat um so you know it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how you know um um the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no um well so accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers I mean you know okay take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is I mean so you know specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an so um like engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple so well okay villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her um well you know about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College Christian I mean I mean well church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness in our you know uh like emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? I'm doing so okay I mean so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor is going to walk you know like uh us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do um like well you think that journey of loneliness started with you? It started in high okay okay well school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good Community there, but it really okay uh well started to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred percent and what you know I mean well ways do you think like a kind of came about in college? Well, I came to well okay like Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way okay uh well to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to provide you know I mean uh you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow me okay I mean so to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may remember Episodes um um you know of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it very easy um you know like for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything you need so well okay to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the uh so so Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis of I mean like um the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 verse um like so 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was said well like I mean you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this to you love I mean uh okay your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way. You will so well uh be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise on bad uh I mean so men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot like well you know f m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything uh I mean uh you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major okay um uh channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make you know uh like money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor uh like um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in well well um Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis you know um okay co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined okay well um by Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for um okay so a song by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March so like you know. 2020 at Freddy when polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will like uh uh also have five beers on tap from two birds and we go through the so I mean well episode and we try and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two episodes okay uh you know on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy um um so from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged well so uh him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the medication um um so she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this follow okay so you know Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due to like um like the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes you know you know um discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word I mean okay okay. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a okay I mean okay podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that you know like like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And um like so once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too uh so well many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only I mean um like is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for okay so um you to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership you know so uh. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true uh okay well. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this like well like zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing like okay uh show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's like uh I mean just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening you know okay um in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of okay I mean like that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening I mean so well to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for uh okay okay the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you okay um okay hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd um um okay love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you you know well uh can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've okay well okay got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and I mean I mean like a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand I mean I mean uh titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before I mean I mean um we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you know so okay you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of uh uh uh Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that okay well uh enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make friends so okay uh based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign I mean you know um up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast you know um I mean host many of you might already know that we record each episode using so so so anchor, but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's so um so the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the well um um podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you know you know like you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your uh okay so podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms and I mean I mean um the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a podcast uh okay uh in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app well you know I mean or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the okay um you know True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor Dame's first well well well spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know about you guys. But I mean you know you know those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august if like uh like I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with and okay um like we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in February. I so you know okay know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's well you know like what we do but it's good to have a practice under our belt we can um okay okay talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start with the you know okay you know in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday of the I mean um I mean guys that stood out to you and I put out a list this morning of um so well the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we were pretty comparable um like uh there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian but I mean uh I mean well I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast okay okay well. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life like you know well again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the um uh uh time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have uh well I mean my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas like well uh. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today you know um okay we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian um um you know world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell I mean so so me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection of well well well my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously I mean okay okay in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev you know I mean so to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable uh uh you know age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so uh okay um in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a I mean okay okay cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas uh like okay and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have uh you know like Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they um well okay attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this well so well is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to um I mean like the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined well I mean uh by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said like I mean I mean today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of the uh okay um week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, you know you know well I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your uh well like hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about the you know uh well Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a so I mean well apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening uh uh you know and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you okay okay well support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a so well um customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails I mean okay um done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you well okay you know how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes well uh uh years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who well I mean you know would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years so so okay for police to connect him to four other murders years and a like well so clever. A gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like I mean um I mean your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with um um you know a morning cup of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina um I mean well Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated I mean like I mean by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let so you know uh me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me you know I mean well explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow you like okay I mean to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your so I mean um podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many like um I mean more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money from uh like I mean your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a so like um podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice okay you know you know out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to okay I mean okay get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to so I mean so all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one you know um well place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge I mean okay um catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my like um okay beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a I mean like um good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that well okay um. Yeah, except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each okay um okay other. You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, well well I mean we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to okay um you know this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to uh I mean I mean talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make so so you know a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you know um so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute I mean so you know your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple uh like so pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum you know so well listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download well uh um the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get I mean like um started. Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you know so like you listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to so um um you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and um I mean so distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what you know I mean so it is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find uh I mean uh out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms well well um. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast you know um well right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast okay um like all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or I mean like you know go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, uh you know well bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for okay so you know me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom uh I mean well wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell uh so well and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of um uh um Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to um so I mean go over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities so you know uh. I think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I so like like got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, uh well you know but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him like okay um a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star uh well like Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide to well well I mean get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing we're well you know well passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished like I mean um guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs. I'm so well um your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting um I mean uh coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire um you know I mean. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on Instagram well so um and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by I mean well like clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if you know I mean like you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask I mean uh you know that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years so like um old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert so um well Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure I mean I mean you know you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but you know so I mean the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has like so like a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time okay I mean like or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm I mean okay um talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has um you know well a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business owners so uh well looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for a well well so better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? I'm uh okay um really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I like I mean like you know I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much of I mean okay uh this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, but it kind uh you know so of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my okay I mean uh routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate at the Texas okay um so integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it I mean um well. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right you know okay so so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special well you know so guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you um okay well here for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but I mean uh I mean English on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our um um so guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today I mean I mean well. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a kid uh well I mean. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old I mean um you know. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to accept you know well uh an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet player. Already I mean well you know playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community like you know so of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a supporter um like so of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and welcome to Legends like well um cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of the uh so okay legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside of okay so so Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit like okay you know of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our uh I mean um schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen okay you know uh to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a you know like I mean premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can uh I mean um follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes so well I mean to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with like like okay your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure well uh like to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse you know like like podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you you know like like never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode well uh you know 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel like I mean I mean Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic okay well I mean of pediatric traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip okay so so dislocations are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries okay uh um in children less than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general uh uh like anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular um well I mean fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries um you know so or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric okay well uh patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the uh well well mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low uh like well energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at like so well lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that like um okay all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest uh you know I mean Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if so so like there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello um I mean um everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you so I mean you know who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some I mean I mean okay major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I so well uh don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this is uh uh well a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I like okay uh think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it I mean uh um is about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad um um um this up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out you know okay well what her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most you know I mean okay Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy like so okay tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you like well um you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey well I mean I mean guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to I mean well okay hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations okay well um the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to well uh I mean come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about I mean well you know core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know I mean you know like what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming so um so to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent like okay so Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of uh I mean well Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline um so okay why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah I mean I mean like. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure I mean well uh. I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram like um um there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It uh well okay was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like well well uh a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the okay like I mean SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here okay like I mean with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the I mean okay um CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's so uh uh great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead okay um you know of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, okay like like please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four like you know well six seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can be so um well an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. There's so well okay a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm Todd. I'm like so okay Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so happy for you that uh um well you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for me. I'm well well okay thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter you know like so sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last started um okay uh it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of the you know well like garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you you know well um started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's been like well I mean um what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a like I mean um month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's so uh uh one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car um like like is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard well okay you know and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it well okay um or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 like I mean so our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today okay so uh. We thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of like I mean you know an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from you know like you know some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is I mean you know uh Really the first topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and okay you know well such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based um um so practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers uh so you know welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development you know I mean um trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back I mean okay I mean Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the you know so uh usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books okay um okay. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and so like you know the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back you know um you know podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I you know you know you know have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes uh I mean like you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've okay okay uh got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us like I mean okay as we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and um I mean I mean comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're okay uh so just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like so well uh hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow so so like but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the um so okay Tim and Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever okay so um one sounds better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm well like like Tim, this is our podcast is first time something new just you know had I mean you know uh an idea one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks like okay you know and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know you know okay okay might as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross well well um margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model uh um I mean X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from I mean so so a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to well okay well the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode you know like so. We were just recording and we're talking about this new track package that came okay okay um out for the model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get you know I mean well these really cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already so um you know cost 60 Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand uh you know so more for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared to make it I mean well you know perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool so so okay thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla uh um well as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new like um like features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love well I mean uh and the track package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be I mean okay like telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use well um like for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone okay okay so computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the okay I mean so podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your well uh I mean podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you you know so okay need in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type okay um well of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done so um uh. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't so so uh think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to you know I mean you know talk about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get like you know well the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're okay I mean so having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice I mean I mean so Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have conversation with you know I mean like Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff game that you uh like okay would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer. Also like uh well Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you could I mean um I mean potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for choosing to listen okay I mean okay to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things with your um you know like earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and you know well well more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love me too. I so um well love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, though because uh like okay they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look I mean like so no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make okay like okay a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to so you know okay host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and uh well like edit your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your I mean okay I mean podcast for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host so um um your RSS feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you I mean uh well and you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership uh uh well. It's everything that you want in a podcast in one place. You have something to you know uh okay say you want to get it out. You want to write a note just um you know so upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit record and okay okay I mean save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard so you know well about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me like I mean um explain. It's a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record uh like like and edit your podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your so uh I mean computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, okay like you know like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You uh I mean I mean can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need uh well um to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go I mean so uh to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow okay um so a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the so well well more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I mean I mean I mean I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down so okay okay with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons you know okay so. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome like um so back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya I mean so I mean my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a okay I mean so mica covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's I mean like you know KU Z AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get um uh so the full code. Just listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This well like I mean is huge and you're listening to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living so uh uh to have you here with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike uh so I mean Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this so uh so is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the I mean um I mean top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from uh like uh 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths um uh you know from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of um okay you know age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from okay um I mean history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify uh well okay or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known you know so okay event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 over uh well I mean your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood you know so I mean of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even come like you know I mean close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you hear well um like this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close some of um so I mean already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come to Hyderabad don't invite so so you know is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? okay you know so There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here okay I mean I mean with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this episode we are uh um well man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving. All well so I mean right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have I mean I mean so a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol um uh um 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, so uh um so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just you know so well what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what uh like well we are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus um I mean so is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it uh well you know in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in um so uh this episode I want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more you know uh uh about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact so like um. This is having on well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog. Hey like you know so guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no so so like photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s you know you know um rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's I mean well I mean for you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome okay you know uh to the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly uh so I mean photography, but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a well okay um gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough you know um okay social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, okay so so I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping like well you know down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it. But I mean so like now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those well so so no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your host um I mean um Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it I mention it on Twitter well um so and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray well uh um Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you um so well. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr um so okay. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm uh uh I mean also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love um I mean okay helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each I mean you know uh week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques well I mean uh for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy like like I mean looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their well okay like biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a um so uh rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to I mean uh I mean find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards like I mean okay areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio you know like well help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of okay okay um holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the um um well mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author so I mean so Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find so like well their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is okay uh well the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite well uh well the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the um I mean I mean only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags well I mean okay. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ you know I mean you know Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We you know well like got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How uh well well you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a uh you know you know conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like talking uh you know you know to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real okay um I mean talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to do um you know uh is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth like so um nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All I mean uh well right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just just like I mean well just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace okay I mean okay certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going to you know I mean you know be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's you know so um see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard I mean you know um to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that well well I mean kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get okay like like together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a okay you know uh while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent uh uh you know the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I uh well like met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to so okay um share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion okay I mean like. I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need so so like to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are um so like those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And like um I mean we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo you know you know well. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow like uh okay and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks um okay you know out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want okay I mean okay to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City I mean um uh at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in like you know okay Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E you know okay I mean - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to I mean like I mean play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up uh I mean okay and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the well um I mean podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent so you know like in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works so um like hard towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson okay like like and I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about like okay like the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, um uh uh I thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you okay so okay doing. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about okay like like the woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just I mean you know well about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they uh I mean uh take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours okay so uh wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer okay um um time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm well uh you know like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good and you know like I mean I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I um well so can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of okay so well True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every you know I mean so week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring the most fascinating okay like uh True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips from some um um well of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and like I mean you know Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can well uh okay find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts well okay okay a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing you know uh uh cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with so so well an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last well you know you know few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up um uh you know as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the I mean uh well virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and like uh well we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week the World like um uh Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is um like like with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who so uh uh get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is um okay so based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong like you know well and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss well okay I mean failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career showing how um you know uh much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my name's I mean um well Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this like okay um episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm I mean like you know Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm like so uh Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX well um um 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well so I mean well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say um okay okay hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure um I mean you know as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you like uh um here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the I mean so okay ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on I mean I mean well the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday okay like I mean Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang uh okay you know right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know so um well that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of well okay uh the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you you know like uh keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of okay like I mean the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned I mean well so there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for uh I mean like death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and okay well you know forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow far I mean so okay greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death row in okay I mean so 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted I mean um well of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a uh um so reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's you know you know um the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore like okay um. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more well so like personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, uh um like but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all you're I mean you know well in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems um okay so impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to well um I mean find us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the so you know uh description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our so like um / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over um like uh those who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl well I mean well playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the um so like details may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle okay um I mean School. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into okay like uh the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the I mean uh uh new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again um I mean uh is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love you, okay you know well Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and I'm like I mean you know here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this I mean okay well is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God well I mean okay. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to I mean I mean so see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing well well uh the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also well um you know talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative okay um um Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other um you know uh artists on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, okay um so be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about so like um gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per well like like ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 well uh uh January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his um like um record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record you know okay you know high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now. I okay um so think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites in okay so uh 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges okay um I mean a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience uh uh you know experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go okay so so along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? I mean like well Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began uh so you know my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to well uh I mean do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated um um uh so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name like well uh is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say I mean okay so the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just you know like um skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would uh like you know I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have like you know so a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest you know I mean um was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought like like okay it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show like I mean well for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll you know um you know The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? That's great well I mean you know. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two episodes I mean I mean so in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four like well I mean dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5 okay so uh. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store almost five I mean so like round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a I mean I mean I mean confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this that um um so oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the um I mean okay Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had uh I mean okay that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go uh well you know wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its you know okay so heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from um like I mean history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush so so well all the way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a so I mean I mean brilliant scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things uh okay I mean and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a well you know uh young girl. She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to well well um one of the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she um okay okay decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our podcast like like um. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope it so uh so builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in like I mean so your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I I mean um okay am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the like um you know scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow um well like. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11 I mean I mean uh. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last well you know okay night. The Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this you know I mean like audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online you know uh I mean community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate um um okay online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for so well like phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most um uh you know of these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested uh like so in interacting with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the okay you know I mean notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club like uh like what we do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to like you know uh take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start like um you know your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a you know so like service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each so I mean so episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and uh okay um have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as okay uh okay I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record um um um host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone okay um well. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with um um you know no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious I mean like I mean about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know uh um I mean that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest so I mean you know way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place so um well for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can um well okay use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to uh uh okay allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also you know uh like will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like I mean well so we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many like so so more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with I mean um uh no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to well uh you know get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a um um okay fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy so like so Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me okay well I mean. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly well so well viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise I mean um uh. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between you know okay I mean Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins I mean you know I mean. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to well so I mean go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought so so okay this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there okay I mean like was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable you know uh I mean development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here I mean like um to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning so you know uh for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build like so you know it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population um like well 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the world like okay okay. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for uh you know so object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek you know well um is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus like I mean you know. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, so three I mean so um years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase um so uh and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that like like okay dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow you know so I mean and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really high like like um profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for two years, I so okay you know worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than well so well I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so aligned and uh so I mean the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it I mean so well was huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever like um you know asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way um like I mean that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, like okay so you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation I mean okay okay. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just here you know like you know to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So like you know well it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you you know okay I mean know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough so well uh because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways I mean well um to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless well I mean uh that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight um so I mean. I'm your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT okay um um Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you uh okay so can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North uh so um. We have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit I mean um uh Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen uh you know well this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think so like well it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige uh well um suit and a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this you know so so guy is dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel well uh okay Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice uh well uh. So you are and are you going to work right after this? well so you know Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so well you know um what we're going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks so um you know. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode you know okay so of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today you know okay I mean. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be like like uh a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a um you know so meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk you know um you know a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be you know uh so the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at okay so like the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the okay okay well Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is you know you know like the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you well okay like know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk um so um about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is like uh I mean a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free so you know like and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can okay okay you know record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as so so you know good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded I mean um so on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can uh um well Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make um well so easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No well well uh minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right so well I mean now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be so okay so settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime I mean you know um. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal so I mean so with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and um okay um grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her you know well uh forehead as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked okay like so up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge you know like so came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple I mean so you know that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver so well well the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing well okay um show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little I mean okay you know circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking um like uh about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania well um you know is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the um um okay palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking okay you know uh Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the um well you know top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was like I mean well the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being um well you know with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's the Partnerships uh so okay that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are going to like okay okay be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is I um uh uh think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and it's okay so well awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to be I mean so you know we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? you know I mean so Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We you know like well really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going okay like so to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule well you know well is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're I mean okay uh going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase you know uh you know want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm you know um you know so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea I mean so I mean how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor uh like okay dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different uh okay well platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from um okay I mean your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor well okay well app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when okay um okay in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo so like okay code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome like okay so to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try well like okay to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is okay um you know right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run so well so across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's so well okay part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of like well well in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You I mean I mean okay have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it you know you know um and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? I mean um you know Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig like like well around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I um so I mean cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I you know I mean um hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a like okay well lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm well you know well your host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the you know so um skirt and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode okay uh you know of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't um okay uh well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to so like uh just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the well so so goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let uh um um me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start I mean uh okay out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were okay you know I mean just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your I mean you know um favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a like um um premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like I you know you know you know do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you can I mean uh um share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already okay um you know be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or uh well uh browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular well you know so Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had some okay like I mean shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of which like like well is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the past. Really well uh like long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig here and I mean like you know a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account. I have not uh okay well consistently been working and I think that's for a few reasons. One so I mean I mean of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds uh like you know of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is well so well it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your like like so wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your like uh like imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display uh okay um in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes okay okay you know them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk um uh you know about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and well so well earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I um well so not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's I mean you know like simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you like well you know guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are like you know so days that you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And you know um so that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to you know um you know plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to uh like you know either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about um okay you know the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a I mean I mean like podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you so so okay to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute your um uh you know podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many well well um many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's like well like everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free um um I mean anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to like I mean I mean another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, well uh okay welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century like you know like BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of you know I mean like all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want um okay well to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast I mean so well presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like well I mean so medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and uh um I mean anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory so um um the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing we I mean um um can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think okay like okay hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with like uh like Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to okay so um be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app like um okay take talk has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a well um well really popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months okay you know you know. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous like like well. One of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot uh okay like of followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular well okay like. Is this song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, uh uh um and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast so you know you know a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games well like you know Workshop. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this um okay like isn't too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are you know uh so bear with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and um I mean um re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover okay um uh recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the I mean you know uh rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of um like uh the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as uh I mean well narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to cover okay like so I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is so like okay a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles okay like you know throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and uh okay you know get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development um so I mean productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and uh okay um get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app um um I mean and download our app for free today. Summary of the one our content plan by Miracle, uh like so 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction so like I mean Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's you know uh you know worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go all like so okay in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard the um um well quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a um um I mean Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about uh you know so six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting well so um on the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to like I mean okay notice a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll like uh you know bet that person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had okay like uh floated out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on like you know I mean watching the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against okay um I mean the current. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it you know I mean I mean. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again uh you know so after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and well okay you know Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi uh you know um. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this like you know so moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like um I mean you know hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, I mean like well it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two you know uh okay of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us like like um you know dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their like I mean I mean lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams like um I mean now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot you know you know so of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like I mean well I mean a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some uh you know okay of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo uh well uh a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when okay like so we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift like I mean I mean through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high you know you know well intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We okay so you know thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember so I mean well if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send so you know so us your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks um so you know. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water um well you know went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again um like um and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you I mean I mean okay about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free well uh like. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay uh okay your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum okay well I mean listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify um okay so Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in like okay like one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a well I mean like special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? I mean I mean well My name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay you know well you know. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because so okay I mean I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet I mean like so like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended um um um that I just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is uh well uh going to listen to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at so I mean so American Ballet company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your you know so I mean full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third okay well you know birthday. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go well so um alone. So the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society so like so. My name is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell I mean like well. We've got a good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about like well like the news from the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum like I mean you know games and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend um I mean well of Zelda A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I also so um well love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz I mean you know um he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the well okay uh horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other you know I mean well reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the so I mean I mean Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we uh well well make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's um um um what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our well uh like episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean I mean uh me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that I mean well um allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor okay well so will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts I mean you know okay and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's well well okay everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor I mean so um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to you know um like the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time like um you know reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD okay like um uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift well so okay. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this week's like you know like episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race uh I mean okay coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week I mean well okay one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, okay well like however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished um like I mean all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just have well you know um a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam well you know well for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home you know like so free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like um I mean um straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was you know so okay like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the you know like um hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of um okay so the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about uh uh uh Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast so so uh and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that I mean so um is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little I mean so um bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you well like like never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram so so okay and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever I mean you know I mean you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already okay okay um but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the um um uh Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are um so I mean Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss uh well um an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody uh okay um Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey you know well uh Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So uh um like I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't um okay like talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear well so um the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're so um like not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we like uh well say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to like you know okay piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah um I mean I mean. It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk well so okay now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show and okay you know like guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season Chad Hills you know you know I mean. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one you know okay well. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not okay you know I mean do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my you know you know you know love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover like um like could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school I mean like um. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she uh um um brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are I mean okay uh you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel um uh um like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for I mean you know you know months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast and well um you know I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and distribute your uh you know you know podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will do all well well um of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of like okay so the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything well okay um that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's um I mean well what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app um okay so or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F you know you know so m-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello well like I mean everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So so so I mean for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original well uh uh old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was I mean well you know one of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first okay okay uh ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I uh um um was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems well you know uh wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that like you know you know so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I talk um so uh to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just uh so um Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what I mean so so happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm you know okay I mean going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And it okay uh I mean means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for a long um you know well time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in our life and well so you know so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that story like like like and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're going to I mean uh you know have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and so you know okay sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of uh uh I mean humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join me you know so um not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's like like okay exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that like you know you know explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television like like like telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like um uh so this follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of so okay I mean Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of uh you know so anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for like uh you know not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see so well like what I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just um like so talking about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but okay you know uh I was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, um like you know doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to you know uh like spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week so um you know or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you like um okay are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on I mean uh okay one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already uh I mean okay mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on like okay okay my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same scanning um you know uh that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just okay I mean okay gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? Yes uh uh like. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start like um so brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little you know so I mean circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about like um I mean a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame I mean okay okay incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor so I mean you know family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids you know okay uh because she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold well okay I mean Sarah back when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so so you know like close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try well you know like to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on so like okay in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast you know you know so is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being uh I mean okay vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite. We okay um um believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through our uh um like struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our Darkest okay um uh Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up okay well um against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for okay I mean um rights reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand okay so so. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan uh I mean okay and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got okay well you know a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just uh I mean well straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself you know uh okay to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though so I mean I mean. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from you know you know you know Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect like uh I mean. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, um uh uh I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff uh so I mean podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really so so uh cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away their well well well products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like uh okay uh questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply uh um so of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do um um you know some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the puff and so I mean like Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and I mean so I mean just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and uh so okay you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to see well uh you know how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that okay so well you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other you know you know so to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek I mean so you know. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull okay like I mean soap is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We well okay um support people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live so like um and Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits uh um you know of a sober life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone uh like uh that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop I mean I mean like you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me uh I mean well explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit uh like well your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for well um like you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you okay I mean you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to well uh you know make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that day I mean uh okay like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending so well well messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series and like I mean I mean when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to talk well uh I mean a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most okay uh so importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about it well well well. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk about you know um um Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me who like like uh I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut down well uh uh due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive in um um um their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams 7 so so so twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of relationship that's um you know you know discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning so grab I mean like well a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls go podcast um so you know. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout out to I mean you know um Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I love you you know you know you know. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out to um well you know to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is that um um well is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, like okay so where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be uh I mean you know hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can well okay I mean make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them uh like um everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk uh you know you know about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking so I mean uh pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the well like okay first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual uh I mean you know key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know um you know um overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all okay um well about the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real well well like quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and like I mean um idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real uh so you know quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we well like so came up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor uh uh uh app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to like well um make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use okay okay so anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct um okay I mean. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, uh like um there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like um well your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you know I mean don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and so well I mean many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves okay so well making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and uh well you know I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual and healing um okay so journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of Chinese medicine a so um like doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want to use like well uh my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on all levels you know well you know. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing meditation together which um like um will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a um well I mean heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay so um you know. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just like uh um keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got um uh well it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first uh so uh episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're like well well just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us I mean so uh - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of I mean you know you know the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up so like uh. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting so so well. I ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring like uh uh spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted okay um well by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome uh okay well back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of um uh like a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make okay well you know a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we I mean like like do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of um like so the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same so uh so team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end so so okay of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want okay well okay to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's well um like premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on the um well uh blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris. How are um um um you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you apologies that I mean you know um we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked. I actually had okay uh I mean a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this is the I mean so um first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr so uh I mean co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? you know um well All right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't like um you know really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, uh I mean you know obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah like like I mean. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you like you know well know kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting I mean okay uh me for who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this okay I mean well and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just want I mean uh you know to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what like so you know I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you I mean I mean you know know, what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the you know uh uh biggest thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download uh so you know the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started you know okay um. Take care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I like I mean you know am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome to I mean okay um the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences that shape like so okay our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a story or um um like need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is an okay you know I mean independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're okay I mean like going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the you know uh I mean meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two well I mean okay Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my I mean um okay pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with okay uh you know Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I like I mean I mean was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because um um well they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She you know um uh skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being uh I mean so free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and okay okay like one in a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time okay okay I mean winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum uh I mean so bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We okay um um got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong okay okay uh game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new um um I mean poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who like so uh we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that well I mean well could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and like well you know then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about okay um I mean the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit uh I mean okay. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it well like so Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and you know um uh new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis like so you know. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and like so I mean night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one I mean you know I mean side and brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week you know so okay and every day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking well well so about wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was I mean well okay born in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya you know you know like was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon well um you know that would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going so well you know to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the uh um so coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about this you know okay like this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to try to okay well you know just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in the media uh I mean well. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already like so well uh last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to so uh I mean another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics including so well well our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff um okay like here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking um uh like up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class I mean so I mean as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty so I mean you know funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller um I mean you know. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar at least one of like so um the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with you know I mean uh us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of well like I mean stuff to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan uh uh uh Brazier and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of well um you know do it on the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview uh uh I mean. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right well well uh now. We're at track me where the track office not really supposed to be got so I mean okay some audience over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a uh uh so half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a so you know I mean little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof. We had so you know uh just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a fire hazard looking back okay you know well at it but us being students not our number one problem and really it was just bingo I mean um well. So anybody could win and there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm you know so well not too sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm going uh uh uh to kind of curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like our um well you know ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over you know well well a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down the well I mean like top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to 1991 um I mean so when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with I mean okay okay the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports events okay well well from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free um um you know. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym on uh so okay September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed with you know you know I mean rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about well okay like the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter okay well so extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it like I mean so and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I uh I mean um have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter okay uh so extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced um you know um to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid uh I mean so. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of I mean well uh throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping I mean well okay or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in um uh um this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an like I mean um Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards okay well uh and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and so I mean well there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he so well like brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today so okay well you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to uh uh okay get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now uh uh well everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will so so I mean get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got I mean like I mean this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your I mean okay so everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back like like uh with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go like well okay for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday uh um like positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much um okay okay for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose I mean okay so to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be okay um um able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is okay so well something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very um so uh first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social I mean so well media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another like uh okay podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and okay okay like I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved like well like. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have um I mean I mean got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan you know okay uh. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned um um okay. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we okay I mean like have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I haven't you know I mean I mean said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying so well uh to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast you know so I mean episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for you know I mean so one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and uh like so you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably okay well uh going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we so I mean I mean said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time you know so like tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life I mean so like advice questions that you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I uh well well would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's um um okay not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back uh you know uh to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's you know so so cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what um you know you know your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just so well um because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like you know um you know what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that so like like hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children well well well and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create um uh I mean peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer I mean well okay writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn uh like like Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & uh like like 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information for you well I mean well are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a uh well okay high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from like you know so. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading uh uh I mean a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world um so um starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York like um well and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music well so you know Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time so you know like throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how uh okay uh they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who uh I mean like came into the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael I mean so okay Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not well like so a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go like so okay finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of well I mean um officially unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is okay you know uh Bianca and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they so like I mean hot or are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring I mean you know you know. How was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different um okay okay reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can you know like okay talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and uh so like FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot okay I mean like of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of so okay you know you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and so like um then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first I mean uh like uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and I mean uh okay that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it well you know you know. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we um like well try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to okay um so make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets so uh so and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live on okay like you know YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined you know I mean uh with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look who just well um um popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad I mean I mean so you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We normally don't do I mean okay um a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's you know well okay a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users so I mean so of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood markets well okay I mean Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the okay so um rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday uh so uh. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just want uh I mean uh to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in today is you know okay I mean doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's um um uh that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting off so uh so because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast. Shout out okay okay um weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah um like okay. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend. We're going to well I mean so start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different so well um vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you guys have not well okay so seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium page well um okay and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a okay okay well living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and you know well I mean then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is um you know so surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism okay I mean well. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here to like well well talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for uh well so Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Brees on well you know okay the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the like uh uh 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that you could um I mean um play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo. That was okay well like your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because you know I mean uh I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have well so like a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today well well you know. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the you know um well fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a well um you know material change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that so uh uh the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way I mean I mean so on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This um you know I mean came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the well um I mean FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question like so uh that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 well um you know meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning um uh uh. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 I mean um uh today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do I so um so put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I have uh like like no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth. They are the so um um excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange uh uh I mean the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will not uh well you know offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion of my you know so well inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen unto um well I mean me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord okay you know like who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner so well I mean. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match well you know you know. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's well like okay up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping I mean well okay Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is up so like well dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, you you know you know um know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody like okay uh to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden so uh uh to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? um um I mean Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where okay okay well a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a uh well okay traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the uh uh well biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They you know um okay had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight like uh so electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave um I mean okay the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could well okay you know get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a I mean okay so quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to you know I mean like my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a like uh well podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground. He like you know I mean know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do so okay okay I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the apps all the I mean uh I mean major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? Well, I got well you know okay the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop like like like shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and you ain't even got to pay I mean um um nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's so well like the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free well well well and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast like uh so from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to um like I mean Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is you know uh I mean great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is well so so also great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where um um I mean you're going. So it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the you know like like app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get I mean you know I mean Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue um I mean um forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man uh uh okay loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great you know so you know. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how okay um so we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot I mean well okay f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms okay like so. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your you know uh you know phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the you know uh uh free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig uh um well Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 you know well so save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast I mean I mean I mean Network. This is the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge like um well where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be um so well talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this um like uh juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels um like so juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the uh so okay sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual you know um okay Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in our you know so so world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's well so you know that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated well so okay and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having okay you know um sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all so okay so about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me you know I mean like and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you okay okay you know two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you I mean so um. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my beautiful um so um office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like your Oprah like um uh or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's you know uh I mean fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh uh uh so God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with the guys and I mean okay well know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber joined um uh I mean by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and well um okay just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying so well so to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the like well well right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're you know so uh on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend I mean um you know or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you know uh uh you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they okay um you know appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode so you know well make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news like um okay. I'm doing a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of I mean okay so you are doing very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this stuff? uh so like You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it so like so all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, like so um first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are like I mean okay we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to like okay uh do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit you know I mean um your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so okay well I mean awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else like okay you know after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I mean um like I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't you know well okay have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way like you know okay to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your okay well so podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money I mean okay like man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need um you know you know to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um like like me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and uh I mean uh edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know like so. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make like well well money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast okay well okay in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of my friends had uh you know uh terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties are engaged and um like so right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody else in okay like like the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in uh um okay the third experience the two parties got married, but within a month my I mean like like friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and I mean so so probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience um you know so has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be like okay like explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more I mean so um masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is well I mean okay such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their I mean so like Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control uh uh okay of what they would like and as a man this is important to your okay I mean uh success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want to you know like like become a man of value so that way other men or other people in like I mean well general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the um uh okay deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person um so so who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going so I mean um to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little you know um I mean bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take I mean uh okay five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this well um well week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the cutout fee so um okay. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely to be like okay you know honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had our first well I mean uh High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our amazing so like um writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to be fair you know like well. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first we caught um I mean well our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and like well um if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys well uh like want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So you know like okay myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got our first okay so so contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so it's nine to I mean well you know nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell um okay like you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably you know like like die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was uh you know okay convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man well um well wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison and I mean you know okay 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee so I mean okay hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup uh well you know of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his so well okay life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at I mean um um Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do well you know like something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if like okay so they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to well I mean okay pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're you know so uh going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure I mean uh well in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest like so I mean and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils I mean you know so. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable well well well. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of um so you know wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a like uh so professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you you know you know well through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film I mean okay I mean was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they I mean like I mean voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it so so uh for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a like I mean like podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record so so okay and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast well you know like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you uh uh you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to well well like make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo uh you know well the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the I mean well uh Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night like I mean you know long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled like okay so with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, well okay I mean we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms well uh I mean visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is I mean well well is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening so okay um goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional I mean like uh comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him you know okay so on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's okay uh I mean with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here you know okay you know with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron I mean I mean you know Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? uh you know like Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are like uh uh we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry like okay like for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually um well I mean. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We I mean so like need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We okay okay okay do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you I mean uh well can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then so okay you know that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small um so so conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight. This like so well is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If so well I mean you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check out our I mean so I mean haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of urban legends you know okay uh every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic nature of this so so like urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide okay so uh and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves okay well um. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this is I mean so uh understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets. We well um okay reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well as fixed um so well income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be beneficial to you know you know you know get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss what he saw over I mean well uh the last week and a half thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday and um so so where we're headed and what we're looking to do in this type of volatile um um well environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading like I mean okay sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going you know uh I mean to be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot okay uh I mean moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about um I mean I mean blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off uh um like my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was only to uh I mean okay the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, so um um fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could just start like uh like to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top I mean so um 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 when I mean um um players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off gambling well well you know debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from uh I mean so history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free like uh well on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final well you know um buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the uh okay uh Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back um I mean so to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your okay uh I mean host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology okay um uh. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that I mean I mean okay care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, okay I mean well please join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful uh okay I mean techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what um I mean um effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as um uh um they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can I mean well um still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength like well well base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help um you know um them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this okay so um Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know uh you know you know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did well so I mean not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even well you know okay talking to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from like so um a wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out well so um cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So like I mean I mean why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you I mean you know um are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the okay I mean well app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first got uh well I mean started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app you know I mean um you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that allows you know like well you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor I mean I mean uh will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard I mean okay okay on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it um so um to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can okay um like make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need um okay well to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started making well um well a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go um uh uh to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited okay like well to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale I mean you know uh. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song I mean you know um as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it you know so okay did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of you know I mean so all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all like you know uh when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, so I mean like man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's my so um well favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message you know I mean I mean on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the uh so you know love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted I mean okay uh to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in your life okay well so and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost like I mean I mean the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually okay uh um making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event so so well because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those you know you know I mean life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off so I mean um if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot um I mean um is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need uh like well more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going um you know I mean digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything um so you know from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well I mean well me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure if you know so you know it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money to so so okay put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works uh like I mean out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out I mean like you know of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go well I mean well with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so you know so right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast like uh like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you know like I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that I mean okay um any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast okay okay you know in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked so like I mean to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young Our I mean like so Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted to host well I mean so of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks for so well uh watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment their jazz singer like uh you know and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, I'm super excited but uh okay I mean you're not talked about yet because it was super important to me as well introduce like so uh this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP you know like well because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money okay um like. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health okay well well because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in like I mean um your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional okay like so life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many okay I mean um questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our uh so I mean time for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here so okay um we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We well like like talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little so I mean um frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I am uh I mean so genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five like okay uh of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson okay um like by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in well so um sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all uh so okay love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow I mean I mean like. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on like um I mean fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait so I mean I mean to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is like uh well Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful um I mean um guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all I mean um like things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you well um you know doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say um so so rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I like uh well began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to uh like um do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated um um like so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, I mean well uh you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days like I mean um ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, well um well why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release well like I mean for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the uh I mean I mean choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to okay you know uh the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the uh uh so shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, so uh so I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but I'm not even I mean I mean well thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled music I mean so like and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these so uh like musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be I mean uh like or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to you know you know well it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's okay okay um plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you okay so um teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your okay okay you know son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around so so like issues related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil you know um like our environment our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode you know so so of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the you know I mean okay farm crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated um you know I mean. That's transparent and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to well so like address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans I mean I mean well. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in I mean like uh the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as well uh so lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a little bit so so I mean about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I absolutely I mean so I mean love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that okay so like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your uh okay like computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on uh um uh Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your so um so podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really uh well you know everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I um you know well find it really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor uh okay well app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling um um uh you it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into like so you know creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 uh so so minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good uh you know uh morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next I mean um well few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation okay well uh some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from you know um okay the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God I mean so um for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to okay you know like orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom you know well well and privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one uh okay uh to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay I mean so me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well okay I mean podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you like like okay. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money you know uh okay from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make you know so uh podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM okay um I mean to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so um so I mean excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion you know um so assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about I mean you know I mean how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in you know you know well your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is Kiran okay okay okay Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about um okay so something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very informed on this I mean uh okay and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me something. Have I mean so I mean you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was uh like you know a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up so we should um I mean you know just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? you know I mean you know Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually um okay so watched anime when they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like uh like so shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories um okay I mean from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st um well well. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm I mean like I mean the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll okay I mean you know be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you today. It's very like um okay special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some so like I mean stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts were in our I mean okay well Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of the I mean so um MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this um I mean you know week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to do some things um okay you know that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast and uh so like it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of you're okay you know well really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual you know like I mean principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is you know well well Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with well um I mean easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to so I mean I mean create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and uh so I mean also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie you know uh um householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she like well I mean also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, I mean so you know yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness you know um I mean. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well um like so is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're you know so so live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs I mean well um. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training okay like you know your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this like well um is the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? well um well It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and uh okay I mean I've Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and you know uh well nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my uh like like God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by I mean um you know estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a you know well you know professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys okay um so in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment room. Hi like you know so everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and I mean you know so I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We I mean uh like would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the so I mean well questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So okay uh you know today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama so like okay Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly okay so uh will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this uh I mean you know article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's kids you know like uh belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I you know um I mean have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you okay like so podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video uh I mean like as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording you know so um this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about I mean well uh nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music Society so I mean well. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I um um so think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all the um uh you know really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking well so so about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen okay so okay to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a um I mean okay music Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to I mean like you know call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to well you know like for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese okay well uh made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading uh like you know on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject well so like for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since uh um um 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris so um uh Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the you know I mean like floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend um uh I mean is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle of I mean you know like the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of so like um our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I have you know um um some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting well like you know your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor FM uh so I mean best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool you know well so that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean um so your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard well well uh on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your okay like uh podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one well I mean well place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type I mean um um in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely like I mean you know teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth so okay like 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus series okay like I mean after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at BR well so you know Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and gold well uh so that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating well um well not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what okay like okay we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki like well so as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out of the I mean uh I mean comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being brought like okay okay back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions so I mean uh uh will be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki. Are okay I mean well you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to see in um I mean so the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your daily well you know uh dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right uh okay you know here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start I mean you know you know brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush so uh I mean around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about like okay you know heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san uh so uh trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom like um okay and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had many riches like I mean uh but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and I mean uh okay show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli well I mean um and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to uh well well get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and so you know you know decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, you know uh okay it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured why okay uh like not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts so like okay and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all well like you know the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, you know okay okay I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a series um uh um of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale for anyone well like um traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want to listen to well well like more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and True Crime like I mean so. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On Spotify um you know so or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this well uh okay day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa uh um so. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby uh so uh after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to be well you know I mean a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one well you know I mean back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses uh uh you know. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we so well I mean came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be so you know okay completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we I mean well um felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a um I mean so lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? I mean so um Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we uh okay uh all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger like well um. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going uh okay well on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 I mean okay okay so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and episode like uh like so 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you really Sonu. I like like you know know and I know there's some I love okay so off the top as usual I mean uh uh Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, I well so uh got some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily I mean so okay devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live like you know well with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So you know um I mean we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self so like well is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us okay uh like an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things okay I mean like that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that um um so are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if like um well you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first off um okay you know. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you money. There's creation so I mean okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or so like I mean your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely made um so well on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be well well well heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a okay um you know podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make I mean so uh money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record you know I mean um the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you like you know I mean need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted uh you know I mean to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the I mean you know I mean free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for okay like okay giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is free uh so I mean. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you to uh okay so record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your like okay uh podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm I mean I mean uh an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with you know well so them and using them to help make our podcast and you know, it's also okay uh I mean an easy way for you to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership so so I mean and it's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested okay um um in doing something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or you know you know okay go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy you know I mean well. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? What like like well up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them I mean okay well. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top like um you know and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of you know um like the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He well so so has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a like you know well while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road I mean so well and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help okay well you know a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action um I mean like. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of well so I mean our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to uh okay so do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so uh okay uh you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and I mean okay well then down the line move very much want to delve into some of those you know um like deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a like I mean I mean wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons like okay um and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables um um okay. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for you know I mean okay this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of um you know um her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a well you know so part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family well like I mean. Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family um I mean so now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for uh uh so sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our you know I mean uh show notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to so so like but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to know uh okay okay an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear well you know well it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear you know you know so me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was well like like sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to you know I mean so all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a so okay so premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow uh I mean um your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes like um okay to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to well um um with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure okay um like to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse okay um you know podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an okay like I mean episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily so so um episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another okay I mean well special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I uh well um have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because okay like well I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how I mean like so hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into you know I mean I mean this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which uh like well I know better than to do but I just kind of got caught I mean so uh in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to so uh I mean me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has uh you know well been so powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with okay well so you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm well you know you know Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title you know you know well ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax well I mean like and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that um well you know you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes uh like like up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what well okay you know we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a so um I mean Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters like I mean like. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the like I mean so Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape okay okay okay with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help uh um well you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and you know like okay then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March um you know uh 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was well like so arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He um like I mean would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of okay like so the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you have so you know um to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on Bradley's I mean I mean like micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two board relevant okay like I mean microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important facts for okay I mean I mean an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for the ism you know I mean okay with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you you know you know like need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock well okay um podcast. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach you know uh uh and I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood like well like in this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money so um you know sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through uh okay you know our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs so like uh as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook you know you know you know too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my well so uh apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but uh uh okay basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with I mean well I mean like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then so so uh they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah. I like you know like had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she just um well you know like got right and did not try to get to know me at uh so okay all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, I mean like uh let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 like um so minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got so like like right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I uh so okay feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what I mean like you know you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I like uh okay don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's I mean so you know word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply I mean you know so on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life well so you know full of meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want I mean well well you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form uh well okay. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with you know so I mean the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7 okay um I mean. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the uh uh I mean Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's so uh uh then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about like like okay this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone so like so numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone um I mean I mean number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have I mean well okay the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes you know well you know right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm well uh so not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's warm like so so out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm when outside um well like was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as well so you know most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too warm I mean like well All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed like uh um by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too um um so hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into okay uh so the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel I mean uh I mean like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say so uh well like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 I mean well you know like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out well um I mean of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't know I mean well um how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing you know uh you know yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah well well like. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and like uh okay I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million like uh okay dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this so okay um is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes well like uh. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going okay like you know to do it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if uh um well you want to say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music so uh um. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of I mean um uh figuring out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and like I mean you know eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of you know like um nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand uh like okay Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always well well like date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of okay well you know this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up like okay uh RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good well like uh day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I okay you know uh woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked I mean so so out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast okay uh okay. I woke up late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and uh uh okay then 30 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to uh like like power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with my okay you know uh co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh I mean okay I mean for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just uh I mean um got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on like so so some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness um you know um at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in the um like like world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I you know okay um am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly okay I mean like recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on how like I mean okay to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's tools okay I mean um and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you and So so well uh if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app or okay like well go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot f so like like m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good you know so so sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you so much uh well um for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of okay well you know a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind like uh uh of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast um um like at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant so you know well program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we uh well you know doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help uh like uh kind of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether okay I mean like it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian so so well food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee uh uh like and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We you know you know okay tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also you know okay you know is also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We well okay so have a number of people who record here as well. Now if you are okay I mean um enjoying the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or so well you know let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this uh um so video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If I mean so I mean you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave um you know okay a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If okay you know um so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful so I mean well entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create okay um I mean to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash like you know um create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous well well you know. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure. So um okay well far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son you know like I mean of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern I mean like so coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried well well like to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing like um you know. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These I mean okay so all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're like you know well working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our like um uh regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast um okay uh from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your I mean I mean so host pain Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside well you know you know the Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off okay like um now growing into bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with so so I mean rather a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and I mean you know like say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? I mean like so My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find I mean well I mean us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it like okay I mean. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy. You well um so need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a um okay um good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got you know okay okay done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy okay so so. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here soon I mean you know well. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson um well well Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? well so like Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for uh uh uh having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I well uh you know originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little I mean um uh full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this I mean okay so and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening okay uh well at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing uh you know uh in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you so um so just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues you know so um with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast uh uh well like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so much okay I mean I mean for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the okay like well time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not so um so take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the um uh like day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in well well so a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment I mean I mean so to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize I mean I mean well what are the gifts that God has given me what has God given well um like me to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay so uh um connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor okay okay uh its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that like like so allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer like you know uh anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple like okay so podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no okay well um minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place well so well. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to I mean uh well get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going you know um you know to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason okay you know like concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we fought I mean I mean I mean the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king well uh so. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute power. I'm well like uh not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look so um like at England right now how much better would our political discourse be if you know uh so we would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 I mean you know you know years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's like okay you know They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a guy okay uh uh who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races you know okay I mean and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting you know um well your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor uh um I mean is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation well um so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone you know okay I mean or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on um okay well Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your okay like okay podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place I mean uh uh. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is like like well beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get well uh I mean the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's your uh so so host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free. Those well well well are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from uh you know like your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be I mean okay well heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with um uh uh no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in one uh you know um place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to you know okay uh our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good like well so for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that like um like you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out uh uh like their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song uh so okay is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered um like I mean starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I mean well I mean I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and um okay well get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button um you know uh. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms uh I mean um again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone you know I mean like from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can like um um do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me um so so with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place well like you know to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again okay um so. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to you know okay like get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can go uh like okay to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of so well so an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here okay like you know. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going um uh well to be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get well you know uh yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven okay well you know years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the okay uh uh game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I give like you know like you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players okay okay okay who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to the I mean um like Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow him on Twitter like um you know at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can record edit and like I mean you know publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on um well okay Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to um I mean like buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing I mean uh you know to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam I mean you know okay Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness so well like based community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is well um um honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for well okay well it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little um well like bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's uh I mean like get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that uh okay you know we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old I mean so I mean is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other like so like Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary like I mean like stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban I mean I mean okay legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my um well well name is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you okay I mean like can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode uh okay I mean comes out, you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took uh um you know forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of well you know well Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk like um like about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish um uh I mean for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally okay um okay with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick well uh I mean one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is okay okay I mean brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had so well so a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday I mean okay I mean. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you so I mean so told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's uh uh I mean the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had like well like to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them I mean you know you know how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast so like well where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business well uh so and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day like well like we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO like like um for landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you I mean like you know need to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show okay okay okay up as a Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get okay you know well right into it getting into creating a website. That is search engine optimized like um okay SEO optimized is something that I've been working on for the past 5 years at okay like okay least now with creating websites and how two hearts keep was the next one so uh uh in a series of websites that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the well well I mean boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk I mean well uh a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I you know so okay will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a okay so uh podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to like like like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your so you know okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A so okay okay podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with like I mean I mean no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place you know so you know. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is well um like the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're uh um I mean all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good like um um and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you um so like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor like so you know distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if um I mean well you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right well uh um. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until I mean you know so 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can okay um uh to kind of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here you know you know okay Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we I mean well uh just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or okay you know you know relevant. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want um okay like to thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've like you know okay gotten up to around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai um okay well Zindagi Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey so uh uh covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time well like well major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields like I mean well in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about um you know well Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is well uh um probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well you know like you know a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one I mean um uh of the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment uh well like on an article that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the well so I mean latest core logic data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom you know well like house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for uh I mean okay that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky like like you know Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you like okay like for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And okay like you know this week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th uh you know I mean of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast um like um. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so you know you know well I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece uh like I mean of news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might I mean well well be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people uh so so haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled okay like you know across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler so I mean like in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are um I mean like the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you well well uh enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye I mean so um podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter well okay um all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and you know um I mean say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's uh like okay get into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet you know I mean so. And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started uh okay I mean life as something totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who so uh like we are or what we want to do at least until a few decades in we I mean uh well go through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the okay well like one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the you know you know okay most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could um I mean um you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This um like okay would really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is um well like Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and so you know okay next week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for well um I mean Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the well I mean um unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will okay okay so be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So um like uh no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need you know I mean well everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah uh like you know Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz um so uh you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal um well um hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our I mean um so 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll uh I mean uh talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel uh um well like nervous today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I well okay well really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this I mean I mean you know was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 so um uh minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got okay I mean well to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you know I mean you know you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight well well well say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and I mean okay so mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a okay uh like son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You uh okay you know may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of so okay you know what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you uh you know so from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic uh uh so Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is so okay okay Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going uh you know uh guys? I'm doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV okay I mean okay talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show um like like. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk you know um okay about tonight. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this um uh I mean whole jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to um um um their normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little uh so I mean things at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing like you know well our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown like so well class present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am uh you know I mean Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the uh uh like chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you um like you know as you guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight well you know I mean. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to well uh I mean talk about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could uh um well have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new I mean uh well front tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it so well I mean to purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into so um um this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi you know I mean okay guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media okay like I mean today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth well so uh McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things like you know you know New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC uh uh okay this year. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been you know well I mean chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys okay you know you know. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was uh um I mean born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved I mean I mean um over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode I mean well like. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you uh so okay can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved like okay well one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and um okay um mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling and so I mean I mean coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through I mean okay you know tough times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted so like you know to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata so you know so Institute of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the like like you know podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social so well okay concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews okay so um with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan on um so like having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for our okay um so listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well um um okay as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey I mean well you know filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in um so I mean to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well so um you know. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise well I mean well segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're I mean okay I mean well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment uh like well this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always um you know um really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good okay um you know at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that so well I mean. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so uh um well I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through well uh you know those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and okay so so you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't um so well want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset you know I mean um says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is like uh you know about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment uh um so leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go um so I mean to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said well I mean uh last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like you know uh like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things that like like um nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded with okay I mean you know a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a um okay um really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that I okay you know so own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event Vikings um like uh ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business and operations I mean like uh and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine so I mean uh and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand uh um uh called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at uh well uh procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this like like I mean podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is okay I mean like the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally so um okay free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record you know okay you know and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast well well um for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many well um okay more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership um well like guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast like so uh in one place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F well okay like m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back okay I mean um to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you um um I mean follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I um you know okay post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God I mean you know um. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at well so um real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and I mean I mean you know speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this is uh uh I mean that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we um um like will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am like you know you know so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes well well well. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected you know um I mean of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off um I mean I mean social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch okay okay like of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just okay I mean you know to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I so so like thought I'll take it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need uh I mean so to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week like well so. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend you know uh well there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and well you know you know yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now well like I mean and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt uh I mean okay angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually like okay so the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick like so um update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I was okay um okay stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a boot so I mean so on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not okay um you know operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning um so well Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't um uh okay be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you so um so know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out you know um like there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to uh um I mean use and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your um okay okay podcast right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up um okay um on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect well I mean you know with sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for uh uh well podcasters. So make sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to you know uh like Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard uh uh well McKees Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him um um um do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was like you know you know so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz well you know you know saw like it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence you know you know well is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like like well like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing so uh you know while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I um like okay think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a um I mean uh coat on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the uh uh well mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here so you know so. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you um okay I mean listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of my I mean uh you know pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick like um uh like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not so okay I mean have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton like you know okay start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to okay um um Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told like like um the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't have like you know well fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA well well um they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their like like I mean daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became okay well um CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to the you know you know okay station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on sensor with uh you know okay Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got a I mean well so special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and you know like like I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank I mean like um you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of I mean uh I mean Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today I mean okay uh and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development I mean well uh productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and you know I mean okay get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to so um I mean Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever you know like um by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D you know like like Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully well okay well say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my so okay well time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me you know you know you know be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's nice you know okay I mean to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm excited okay I mean I mean about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to like like you know say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every so well you know now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I you know I mean so can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for so okay I mean quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand uh okay well why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so so like so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but so like like pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you um well okay who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan I mean so like Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field uh uh I mean of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening like well uh to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an okay well okay overview of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically you know um like for the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob okay so like Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also so you know um because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you like uh so. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do we mean I mean I mean I mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you so I mean I mean know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean like um okay people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because um so so of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an I mean I mean um easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are okay uh I mean opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older uh uh you know brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when I mean well I mean we go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of so like you know TV Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode like okay well was insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us I mean you know like tonight, but we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely um uh well co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on um so I mean this episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, uh like um okay. So who so many things happened on this episode that we need to uh um well unravel, but this episode opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was well um so interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to like uh well go out to Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is well um well that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you I mean I mean like have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know you know so well. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves like you know so and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished um okay I mean it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another um you know like episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your well like like mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My uh like uh name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real like so uh you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other I mean like um and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why I mean okay so why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want I mean okay like to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon so well like Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want okay uh so to go look it up there and see the video version of these you uh I mean like can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple so uh okay podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind like like so of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top I mean I mean um 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about you know I mean well the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become okay like okay almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a like you know uh few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the um well you know best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the like okay you know only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous uh I mean okay friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to you know I mean okay the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie like like well and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that we've well I mean well had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked about well like okay it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're talking about um okay so a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have like you know so a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with your um um um host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in so um well in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when and how uh you know well of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me I mean um um at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 so well well years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing okay like uh home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting you know well so working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice um uh so World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit like okay um with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and okay okay I mean we were able to see each other for a bit more than five okay so you know or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze um well so in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this so I mean like point because they've been here for a while and then I come in and okay you know you know tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over so so well. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host uh I mean you know a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you I mean uh like guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a uh um um question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host okay well well and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make I mean uh so it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here um you know so buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and well so um friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm Marcy um I mean so Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help women okay like uh read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for leisure friendship like like so and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you visit while red like uh like knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you so much for so like like joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some of the frequently asked okay um like questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first so you know um question that came from our members this year and some of our leaders you know um uh was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're uh you know okay both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as so okay okay best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own uh well like take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from uh like so poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live you know um so from pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode um okay I mean of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third like um um episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about so you know uh the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this well well uh particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a like like okay dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first like I mean so episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, uh um okay my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love well you know I mean them to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the you know um okay challenges the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused like well I mean and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the okay so well differences that came from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull so like well of the happy and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids okay like you know in Germany when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize okay like like that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on I mean okay okay we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book uh so okay series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas like well you know retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course I mean so um re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth I mean um well. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating okay well you know an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my uh you know like channel every day and every week and so the information can be very so I mean okay overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee okay I mean like of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just so like um filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs um um so from taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this well so okay podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all like I mean like of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart uh well so. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just well you know I mean two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you know you know okay you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope I mean you know so that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which I mean okay well was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned so so um in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get uh well like started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a so well like brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until like well I mean then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters so uh uh and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein like like so advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a uh you know uh complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same so well you know question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single so uh well mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person I mean uh I mean. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on well like uh Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury research and I mean well you know strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular basis you know um you know. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from the like well like covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms of um uh well global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts of the you know I mean okay world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at extreme risk like well I mean of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved to the well um okay current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning you know I mean you know in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting uh um okay out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So so okay you know I look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my uh so like home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group uh so I mean grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and like okay uh that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, okay like I mean if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of uh um well the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German so okay like ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest like okay um. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and you know so uh ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real what so okay I mean a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk um like like to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See um I mean I mean what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas so uh I mean is going to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper you know okay um take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas you know I mean okay and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short so you know so story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the like okay you know trauma unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I I mean uh well was a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions well uh you know that I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months okay um okay of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding you know uh you know perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating you know you know you know our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So so you know I mean today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only okay uh uh and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax well like so advice all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do I mean I mean I mean not necessarily reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to so okay uh Industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor you know like um reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity okay you know uh trading and other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial so uh uh losses as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our well uh okay Sam Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies like I mean so of unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha um um I mean is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of I mean well um the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of um okay you know Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose you know uh um is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across I mean I mean you know the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques okay uh uh is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology I mean um like data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had okay I mean uh an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of well well um your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you so uh okay made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is you know uh well all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a um I mean okay safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join uh so so me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to I mean uh okay love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all uh like you know about all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love um well you know and the love we have for friends and the love we have for a well like okay significant other and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not uh uh okay forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you know so well you would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to well uh okay a physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the uh okay like word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective like um okay meaning equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was like uh well tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian uh so okay term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be you know like um confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are well uh uh impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance uh okay I mean. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add well well so momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first so so um official episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat so so like members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's I mean okay like going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got uh um well a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves well so you know real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret like well so everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage um well so MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of um okay um the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going okay I mean you know to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's uh like so This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When I mean so well Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk I mean um okay. So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even well so like made a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe um uh uh but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, uh you know um I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I uh I mean uh made this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners you know okay like groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one uh like I mean individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize well like okay Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you okay so you know just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get um like okay it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with so so like it which was but he reached out to me and show me a DM and like well you know I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message um I mean well and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with like okay uh a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today so I mean like. You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll okay uh I mean be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast uh well okay piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for uh okay I mean creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast I mean so um right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most major podcast so like so platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if like okay okay podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or like um okay go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been a so I mean like couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you know update okay okay um on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that um um you know that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, I mean well uh coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, when I kind I mean like um of first started talking about it and so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars so uh well lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural so okay uh wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of you know okay so life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten um um I mean percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please like you know like check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also so um well sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more um you know uh Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion so you know you know death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can so uh like find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each I mean uh you know talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make okay uh I mean podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is um so you know a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like so uh phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can um so well be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily well um I mean make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one so well you know place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small I mean okay you know business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and I mean um I mean raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch I mean you know uh even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the so so okay vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and uh I mean uh there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the um well like sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that like so like is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed like well like my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle I mean I mean uh of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's all decided okay well well to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do this podcast okay I mean okay and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to talk okay um um to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, so like I mean obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for more um well you know information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British Council dot-org I mean um uh. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode uh I mean I mean. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today so like you know. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from different teams I mean you know okay programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to the language assistance program I mean uh uh through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team. So to like well like start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team you okay so you know are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on you know uh uh patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted like uh like on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make I mean I mean so podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that uh um um allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer I mean well well anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify I mean well um Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your so I mean um podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make like so okay a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app I mean I mean so or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez uh like well for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek well you know well memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it um uh uh out. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it okay so I mean our at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so so um I mean I don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I you know okay so used to kind of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on uh uh like my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and so like okay I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 I mean well so Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and um uh okay what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you well well so buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row for Is uh like um significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring the okay well okay house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget for um I mean um in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple okay so uh of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a so so like concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it I mean you know well is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is so like so not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I I mean I mean okay have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear well uh I mean and I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to you know um uh meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her um you know um birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and well you know uh some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today uh I mean like was like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can like um um unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends so well you know to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to finally well uh um finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I like I mean um have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit I mean so like to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The you know I mean like knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the you know so uh information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re well so like attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm okay so I mean coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some of I mean well uh you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of you you know so so guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't but so okay so today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number uh okay like 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And I mean you know well then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck uh so well. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where so um um you are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I so so um was out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so so you know like good and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going like like like to talk about today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy you know you know like how son feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right like I mean okay when you've endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're um like like out doing those runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course so uh well you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own you know well uh horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's a well okay so new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh um you know and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to um I mean like record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better okay uh so Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple you know okay okay or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to I mean um so make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free okay okay so anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for the uh you know well next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up because well so well we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to uh um well the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're I mean like um going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are I mean um I mean falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that so I mean like we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going to like like well end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost to no um I mean uh preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear on um like like an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are you? like so so All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been a good okay so you know day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode. So okay you know I mean I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because I like well so will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then well like I mean you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am when okay like uh I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll like like I mean be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees uh um uh and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials biodiversity. Those like uh okay are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know about um I mean so it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your um I mean you know hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear I mean you know well the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem um you know uh solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of you know so you know Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one you know well uh place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and I mean okay you know filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be uh I mean you know tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them okay so okay were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as the like well well spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by um you know I mean surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like so well um I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I well well well wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it uh okay um. Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I uh you know I mean order I was like, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of okay you know okay those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that you know I mean um shit and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it so well I mean was french fries. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I okay uh uh don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based I mean I mean um on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and uh uh uh youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow like uh okay in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember okay I mean so your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading I mean you know um from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora um um well here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the you know so like god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near um I mean uh to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on I mean like um their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and okay I mean you know invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience well so okay exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on um like I mean or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I um okay well have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined like well okay with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over so you know so a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you know uh okay you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use I mean well um to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. I'm so um so Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim you know you know um is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and more the like um like ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those of us who well you know okay aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed some light on well like okay that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and more of us are I mean so you know expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is that okay like well by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to be okay okay okay consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into well well okay our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from I mean uh uh watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding like I mean well Frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so uh like well glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow I mean um you know from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've okay well well caught the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast so okay uh with us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? I mean you know you know How many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need okay you know like more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding um so uh fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding like well I mean before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an um well I mean easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a okay uh okay great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to I mean um uh make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record you know I mean so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute so like I mean your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and well uh like many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with uh um I mean no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one um okay well convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um um like dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take um I mean you know a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm uh like like having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth I mean I mean like out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those like you know so who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how um like you know to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today okay well uh is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some uh you know so truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet like I mean okay or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a so okay well contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the uh like I mean easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free um I mean well. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools well so well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay um so. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast um I mean so and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never okay well well heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership uh like so. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a so I mean well lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that um well you know podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot so uh uh. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True okay you know so Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining um okay okay us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you um like well. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to well like you know take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things like so so well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me okay like like that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six well you know um of us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to so well you know sit on a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it um so well and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for I mean uh well sitting that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're well I mean like not supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper you know I mean uh. Ooh on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo I mean okay so it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I you know well well was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for you know I mean well taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared like well well everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach uh um like people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we uh um like have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it so uh um discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got like okay okay right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see so I mean you know a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host you know uh uh development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, um well so which is a platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me okay okay I mean for the first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a you know you know like leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a well so okay boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal I mean okay um counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as I mean um well well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social I mean you know so entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm you know like like Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and murder uh um uh of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive In like so like. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim you know um well at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her son Sean okay like um is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri I mean I mean so at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we ask okay uh you know all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you would use well so well to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to three uh well okay strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke I uh uh like wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that I mean well uh way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His you know um uh baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And what uh okay well is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything is so like okay possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted so um so to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to uh I mean okay all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium you know okay uh account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you know well well you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss okay I mean okay an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if okay you know so you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no um uh um matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure so uh okay to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the um like like your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an so so like episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today um um uh. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad you know you know uh ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot okay you know you know of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish so so you know Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would like um so be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the I mean you know I mean podcast I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each well like so week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the I mean okay like questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety well like you know and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot I mean okay like seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of the I mean I mean um west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism at you as um like uh well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the withdrawal from the uh you know like EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I understand from for universities directly you know I mean you know. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've like well so been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven uh okay I mean. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is like well uh all about Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm you know so I mean really looking forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw uh okay uh. We were talking about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we you know um I mean really want them to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience well okay you know with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us I mean you know uh off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we uh okay you know move on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we uh you know um should talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I well um so know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us so um okay. Oh, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for um uh uh two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very so okay like successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing okay like like delegates and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly uh um like. So I was very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it uh you know like. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus um like um of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also uh like like served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy. Today I mean um like. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become an you know I mean um over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists I mean well you know at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I well you know I mean have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good how I mean I mean like happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, it um like okay was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I had to okay I mean you know ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to like well okay remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose dad okay you know uh his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only okay like okay like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting uh I mean um and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow you know like okay could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or I mean okay uh today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird okay okay I mean. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you uh okay uh were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know okay okay I mean you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess like um well we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, well um well let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea um you know you know podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's uh like well two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, so you know uh I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee uh so well that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey so uh I mean. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What uh like um about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like well you know um espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's I mean okay I mean just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I mean well uh I do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the okay so well tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted us okay well so to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed I mean um uh with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all the you know so you know time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing with uh so like our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the law you know like you know of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter where um uh so they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an incredible I mean you know um chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in like you know well sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk you know you know so and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there you know um well and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory uh I mean um over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it was you know like okay going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know about that okay so well line and how it moved over the past past few days before the game started. I so uh I mean talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of the you know I mean uh plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope well well okay. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot like you know I mean express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with okay like like you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This like you know like is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk um well I mean about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt okay uh I mean like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health um so like the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an okay okay you know entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something um uh so happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we so um uh put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these you know so uh little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this uh uh like is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and like like so hope that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to well uh well feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world uh so um where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of getting um like I mean in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools okay well uh and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am uh I mean I mean one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So well you know like I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share um like well with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed uh so so entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and once you've well um well listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people I mean um you know are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together well I mean uh before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our I mean well like time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things so you know um that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given I mean I mean um against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what like you know um needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's you know I mean I mean start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back like so okay to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time um uh uh because it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys well uh you know can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I uh okay um don't think they really do like I think they like to see their um so um friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite I mean you know you know article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about okay okay so the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as like well well well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like okay I mean um Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all so uh uh. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German you know um so that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and um um well for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally I mean uh uh the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we absolutely so so so love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so great um uh I mean one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only record and well so um edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll uh um okay also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast okay um okay Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short and on well like you know top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's free like um uh and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money anchor will like so so automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum well so okay amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome um well like to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons I mean like uh Vice. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have like you know like a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to um you know like talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships so I mean you know and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the like like okay end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and um I mean you know then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and you know okay so maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going so uh so to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and I mean like you know what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my um so you know co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where so um so the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be like okay okay going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position generally okay you know okay when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer uh so okay we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The I mean um uh draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers so um I mean go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy um well you know this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite good okay I mean um the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode so like uh includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We so I mean um advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something um I mean you know wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On so so so October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman um uh um wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should I mean okay well close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my uh I mean you know daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the I mean uh I mean police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental um okay well Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have I mean I mean so been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned so um I mean him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel like um uh pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would okay well so leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still and um um well keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, I mean you know well I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has you know so you know come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood so so uh in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to uh so well do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce so you know well milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is like uh well a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed well um well. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink I mean so so is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know like um so what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think um you know well you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get like well so you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F I mean I mean like m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the I mean um uh free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on okay I mean like your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk you know like you know about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make like uh I mean it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's uh I mean uh totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f like okay okay m-- in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's um um I mean loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 well you know I mean and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone you know you know I mean senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last game I mean uh so for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think um okay you know in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener questions I mean you know like. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this is the you know um okay fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're from uh I mean I mean this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by well I mean well anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is like okay you know based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing I mean well uh House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see so uh like you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with you know well like him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading uh so well from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord uh you know okay for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and I mean okay well my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that matter so you know so to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always um okay okay for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the show okay uh so before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the team and I to like you know so bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly you know so I mean youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought okay um like you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 so um okay that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku well I mean I mean Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to so so so bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the you know I mean okay first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm okay I mean okay doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time so like you know. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up to well you know you know since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided okay um uh probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that uh uh so we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a uh okay um little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode well I mean uh. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more like I mean like to come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with I mean you know well the sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that um you know well can feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people I mean um uh have a seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast um uh okay. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up I mean um so guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is so I mean you know Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why well um okay didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I you know I mean well knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his like I mean okay regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host uh so okay. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is uh um you know our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a uh I mean you know bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're you know okay okay doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our like um like good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we uh so like talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs like you know like. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the uh I mean uh art of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you um um I mean doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now well well so. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners okay so I mean are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the I mean you know like other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in okay well uh 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back like okay you know in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host I mean I mean I mean Travis Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode you know um you know 16. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up okay well um sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do uh well uh the same for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to uh like so head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you okay well okay get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat um so well at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then well uh um also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for okay like you know your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you um like um. You can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode well um well 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate well I mean okay in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately can like um I mean never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of truth. There's a like uh I mean swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals and practices. On uh so okay July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the like uh so recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore you know so well black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the okay um okay boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to okay okay I mean talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a you know so uh script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way so well so to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow like so you know you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will um I mean I mean distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean I mean so music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with um um okay no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's so so um get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it you know um so. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's of okay like you know time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This is my uh okay so friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you hear a you know uh well screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh my phone also um I mean so Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet so um like and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him. He's okay you know like so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's a budgie like like uh budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic feet okay you know okay and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior well um uh Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And this is I mean well well part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British Columbia's like like so personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than uh like okay 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province. We I mean uh uh want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect and um you know I mean process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can um you know like help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a I mean uh um topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast uh well I mean. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in uh uh you know there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I well so like was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and you know okay uh today it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's okay well I mean Day and we are recording two and one day and we are so excited I mean like well for our guest today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and well so I mean you guys know where to find us. You can find us on Instagram at I mean well okay Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser okay so like at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for um okay so that shit leave that review and if you have nothing nice to say as your well I mean uh mother said don't say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review you know um you know of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay so you know I mean emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading so like I mean shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully um um uh but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion so you know I mean on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show um well okay to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led okay I mean you know by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment I mean uh um for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point well so you know at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments okay so okay. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't okay so uh guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be okay okay well multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to well I mean so encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um so so Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I I mean like okay did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known you know I mean like it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download well um you know the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and like okay um anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all you know okay uh the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not uh okay well need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need well okay um to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some so well um come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or I mean so so simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back like uh well to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's you know well like heroines week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history you know okay I mean a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery um okay um and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a I mean you know you know long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she uh well so discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a I mean so um woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her I mean uh so husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own um like like bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in a um like uh questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty Gale like uh you know Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders so so I mean every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's like I mean you know most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen well like you know to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is you know uh uh advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some I mean you know like people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy you know so so Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right like you know okay that was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good uh um um history of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects um you know so and what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure uh like you know. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind well okay like the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what uh I mean like it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how okay I mean so the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change okay um so your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird. I uh um well normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've been like I mean uh traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it is because I'm like I mean okay doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever happen to you? I think well I mean you know it's so funny. You know like you think like all day. It's Tuesday and then um um uh you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening in my world today like I mean uh. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with like uh well you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing um like uh through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special uh okay so on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight like I mean uh into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day you know like so our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of so uh so Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm or I mean um so see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of Dan okay so uh Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you might well uh so know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're okay um I mean listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts you know you know um in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an like okay so episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are easily okay you know well share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be um so you know sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast okay I mean um on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me uh well um. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly with so I mean uh a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood well I mean I mean in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's so I mean um been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it I mean well okay was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss I mean I mean uh or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good okay so so. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to um okay uh you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get okay well I mean better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that okay I mean I mean were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how so you know um we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you like you know um know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have I mean okay um had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much well um you know easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is um so well by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need well so you know. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording um you know um equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on so so I mean your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all you know okay um the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you like so well know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest uh so so way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you like okay um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor so you know okay will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify well okay um Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum okay I mean um listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place um so like download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started you know like I mean today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no okay I mean um Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a like okay you know get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you I mean uh like doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and like uh you know I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, I mean uh well thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue I mean like like and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to you know I mean you know continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you like uh okay many times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got you know okay I mean to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those uh uh you know sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had uh like you know great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty like I mean uh of Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't well you know well expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more like uh so money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, uh so um boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun like um um episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in okay I mean I mean created by our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode like uh like really excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in so so you know construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to uh uh so describe me. One of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably uh uh I mean used a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So so like like So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations you know well like on fire safety in the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking well okay okay at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep uh I mean like into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy uh you know um to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why I mean well you know it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 so I mean well subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you um like so feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to well well okay first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line like well like it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with I mean I mean I mean mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I um you know well need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube I mean like uh content come on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I uh um well wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen uh uh well key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a okay you know well fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders podcast okay well uh. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply has well so you know to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business you know okay well value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a panel discussion, which took I mean um uh place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in San Francisco so uh uh. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to develop and features well I mean um Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six years previously you know uh like is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner I mean so um who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous um so like guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future okay okay um who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per okay I mean uh se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take control like um um of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down. Right but um I mean uh we're going to talk about two of those important points right now. And that's your physiology like you know okay and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is the branch of the biology that I mean I mean okay deals with the normal functions of a living organism and its so like um parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is how refers to your uh you know like emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions are described many ways I mean you know like. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are okay um so others of course, but those are kind of the main ones. We think these emotions um so um are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our I mean well I mean first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I mean well like I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me so I mean so amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest you know so uh price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can so like uh have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff you know well well going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can you know like well create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom you I mean I mean so want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers needs of I mean uh uh what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming uh well um your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and you know uh you know I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, um uh so you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're so well um we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this because so like like I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them and I mean um like seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any way you know so um in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks you know you know I mean for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking I mean okay I mean about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard okay okay well about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's so you know like free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone so you know well or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify like like okay Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership okay you know um. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the uh um okay free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want well uh you know to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On okay okay you know the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite you know you know like podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where okay uh so you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the you know like um ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is um well uh basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own I mean okay well podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you like I mean like upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to Spotify um I mean I mean your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor or like uh I mean if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what okay like like I have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to you know you know I mean what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board I mean well you know and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are like well like going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like um I mean like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how you know okay uh I want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that I mean so I mean is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see um like so but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving well you know I mean. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in okay like like London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th okay so I mean 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo you know well I mean for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in so okay I mean San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior well I mean well The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to well I mean so sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that well uh well we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a you know well okay few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and uh I mean okay Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come I mean like so up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that um okay like are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and well well I mean they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of like uh um today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other so okay um words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that women you know so like like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they so okay you know like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first okay you know so things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings and well um okay their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love story. They want like you know well to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and uh like so make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way like you know well that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our name? Not um well well your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the bag. And the reason why I mean so you know we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we okay okay so in the bag we got the bags of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the um uh I mean end goal is to make money off this that is not the only reason uh uh well we're doing this. I'm doing this for my love of public speaking and podcasting and like I mean I mean making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson okay okay like over here is in it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm okay like uh pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of someone stealing so well you know bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or like so you know no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you just woke you know well you know up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and that's I mean okay okay it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't use um uh I mean the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but most of uh okay um the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my head. Here we so you know you know go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast well so uh. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the like okay like man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going um um uh to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about well like well something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for well so I mean just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me so I mean you know. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on um like I mean this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where like so so you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial okay um so effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called I mean like like hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I like okay well mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast so so I mean and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please so I mean well remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel so okay so free to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive um uh okay disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio uh so uh transcriptions for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read like like so instead of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going so uh um to have some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be like well I mean different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show well you know so is not safe for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait so uh like to listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast so like I mean. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking you know um so about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know I mean okay um me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we well like you know could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure uh uh you know. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show like you know so start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside okay uh okay the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every day I mean well I mean we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking about okay um like an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're so um well actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes uh like you know sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a well you know you know super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned like so so on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary you know um like footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the you know uh like Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a okay okay like built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape like uh uh recorded by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the you know um uh broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's so um I mean packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by like so okay anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of um so um all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match I mean okay like you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means um like like you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing uh I mean well right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using incre I mean I mean um you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy to so like like you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut uh um like out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well so like um. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing so so well it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's uh like okay Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we okay you know I mean host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to um so well host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this well uh well got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from well well so a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it I mean I mean you know there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most uh so uh challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it um so you know right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or like okay um founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a so um well little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to I mean uh well make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to uh so like your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started well uh you know. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the well okay um cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or well like well cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or okay you know you know smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your um okay so actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no uh I mean um. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different well I mean okay names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho like well so ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it because uh I mean you know now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network um like like. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice like I mean okay and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine you know you know well. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla I mean okay okay that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that okay I mean um says that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you well so so were kind of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk um uh well about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast so like uh. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay like well your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you I mean you know you know so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can okay I mean okay make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to um I mean uh make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or you know like so go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take well so okay care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some um uh you know She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to you know uh so do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor uh you know you know all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring you know so um movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel okay so um movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news uh well well. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, like I mean you know we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about like I mean you know spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from so uh uh 3D divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality uh well well starseeds the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're so um uh here with me today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it uh okay uh. Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you I mean so uh so much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before like you know uh we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding like okay um brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today okay um um it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk okay you know well to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we you know you know so are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a well like so break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan well so okay a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to I mean well uh cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of so like I mean planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording um I mean so from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will share like I mean well on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the so uh like intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not like I mean okay in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, you know well well welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part um uh um of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less well um well so but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We like like well are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks I mean I mean so coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to well you know like man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or you know okay you know reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as uh well uh we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that uh well so first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit okay well okay as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to you know so like the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the Beauties like like well. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll you know well so have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that so like you know last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour to get her uh so um practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your computer, I mean well so right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football I mean well well fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the uh okay well end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week uh um um for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter like like so Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game so uh you know week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, like you know you know which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, like well well all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get the so so like impression you're not from from the fact you have a lot of players on I mean so I mean your team you are playing. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there okay uh so was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys like well like. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk uh like I mean about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days so uh I mean since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions I mean like uh show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, um okay like take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet I mean I mean well is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now I mean like you know that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain you know uh well couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to like okay well talk about what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances gives like so uh everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and click you know you know I mean Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they were okay like I mean they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, and I like uh like think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the death you know um okay of the black church in the black community. E in the role um um um that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really like uh so hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again okay um so probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's like okay I mean like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just like um I mean those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where um uh I mean we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of I mean like well Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block well well so leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite I mean okay uh etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness you know like okay goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness well uh like and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on you know so well track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship group okay so I mean as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help us so okay okay focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person. We I mean well so trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then on okay um I mean the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just don't have the uh you know like time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a one-on-one so so like basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a lot okay so like about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people. So you know okay well I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to I mean like you know join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever well like so you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and um okay well on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to okay I mean you know our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review like like okay the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana you know well I mean husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing well so okay brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share our um well like excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at um like okay this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us well you know um over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a I mean so like thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've learned like you know like together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our okay okay like email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your like uh you know host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that um like so we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this uh okay uh show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts you know so I mean. That would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top well well um 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles like well uh on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter you know okay uh in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes okay I mean uh. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And like you know like the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games like so I mean over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and uh so um here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I um you know okay will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the you know so well long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism and I mean like I mean ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks so um I mean okay much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out to me um so okay Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So I've uh okay okay been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual uh okay um exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a well so I mean Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married I mean um well their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January okay uh uh 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals okay I mean like new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to so um so address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly like well I mean podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so well um um far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a like I mean um mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put well you know okay out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that like I mean like I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big difference, so uh like but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it okay uh like right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to um you know okay do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday uh like well will do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis you know okay uh birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's um um um say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare so um you know drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where okay um you know we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan like I mean like is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John you know well uh Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that I mean so like Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange um well well County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately um I mean like recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So so um uh you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two well I mean I mean Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can I mean well um check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check uh um you know them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry like you know so deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you you know like I mean know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho you know uh so Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always I mean so you know on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But so I mean so it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can so well um be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you you know I mean well know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed you know so okay wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which uh so like is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank well uh okay you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins uh so I mean me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am um so so so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story I mean I mean well and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School so like well. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just you know well uh so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of like um well life and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love well like you know for people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so you know I mean well much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting like I mean like down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from um you know uh these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of methadone well so um Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like car you know so okay. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose okay um well farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really like uh um good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey well okay you know was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to so uh okay you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What uh you know so is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, um um so imagine how entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch um like okay the 4:30 movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark uh uh okay a Altman every day on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro I mean you know so TV stir TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just so okay you know have to pick one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, you know um you know but it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't well you know uh miss us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, I mean you know like this is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And uh like I mean if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book um um like Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy you know um so Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike so I mean well Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a special okay okay you know guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them on um uh um Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with us to um I mean so talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going okay I mean I mean to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally so well um interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate so like okay you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at well okay you know Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost well okay okay two years and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to like well well get as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we like okay okay got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and uh like so we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there through the you know well so Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows a week um like you know instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we okay you know so discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, well like well and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection like like well you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I okay um well want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if you know so well the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better well uh um or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it and like you know well honest answer for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if uh like you know it all went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make a you know well so podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is great. And as like I mean so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean I mean well or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast for you on uh uh well Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free anchor app uh like like or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are well like like going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board okay um so member Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael like uh you know Carboni. This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason I mean like um kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played uh so you know in more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing um um so kangaroos. I've got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life so like like and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams. Plus um I mean uh it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are uh uh uh behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl I mean uh uh game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling y'all you know um you know hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love okay I mean I mean what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast so well I mean. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record you know uh uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast uh um um for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you I mean so like can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need so so uh to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo like I mean uh the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth you know I mean well talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money um uh like wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is like well okay not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's uh uh uh about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's largest um um um mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an I mean I mean I mean intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection so um you know of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big like well you know Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure like so okay to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to okay so you know sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners uh so uh would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor you know like uh dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone you know okay I mean Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the I mean well uh history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined uh you know okay by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects um okay well. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash like so like has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space okay I mean like. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple uh um uh at the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame uh you know like from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he like okay okay was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he um you know so saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That so you know like him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his I mean okay I mean attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in um you know um the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat well like uh fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall Street's um okay you know interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan well like I mean was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon okay I mean okay row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating like um like peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit you know well um of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one so I mean well else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we like well um already had FX in the region but back in those days. It was almost okay well um like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back so uh I mean for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was like like I mean the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep okay like so in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is uh um okay rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't uh you know um complain man, you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who um um you know membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm so um like playing hide and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you um like I mean should go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but uh I mean um it also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, well I mean I mean I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth like so I mean. First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one um I mean okay and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King uh you know like Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get okay uh like the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I you know you know okay quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters like well like. He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like like okay like his best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth um okay I mean and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not like I mean like enough. He must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be I mean well like safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown um well you know saying there is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches um um um also prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I you know I mean I mean don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't well like I mean be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self like I mean okay you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake so um like the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a so you know so beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my um like okay heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because you know uh uh she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her so okay like life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of living so I mean so with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived I mean so okay problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact I mean okay well that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised another day well uh I mean on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health status after I mean well okay all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the um uh um relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next so so I mean year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you well you know um certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview so I mean so people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views you know you know you know and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the okay like well easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you know I mean I mean you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download well um I mean it onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to okay um um record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast I mean so okay to Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily like you know um make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the um you know I mean app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's well I mean like Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm okay um I mean going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is like like so Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here like okay like joined by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for uh I mean okay today and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this um like I mean little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it I mean well okay was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you I mean so um just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the you know I mean um clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have uh okay okay you been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's you know um um looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I mean you know okay I'm glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we uh I mean uh are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic I mean you know uh of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of so like well interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling okay so um me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I you know so um guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce okay so well with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having I mean you know I mean an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed you know like well his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging okay I mean well out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of attachments or I mean um like worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with um you know so only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, I mean uh you know but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest okay I mean so Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said um you know okay it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and like uh uh four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling I mean you know uh the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I don't remember like I mean like that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were both jumping uh you know like on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't um well like all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how like so you know tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently um like I mean. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as uh uh so life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard you can like like like get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep moving forward uh I mean like. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then go out so uh um and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits like okay you know and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or so uh you know anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better than that. It's about you know like I mean how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's I mean so um Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're I okay well you know think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what you know okay like three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we so so well will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday I mean so I mean here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my you know so uh week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that I mean so well means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday well like like. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I believe like um like unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week okay okay okay because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up okay okay I mean Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from so I mean like Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina well like so the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the you know so like unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was so you know so found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man like well so confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale okay so like Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on well well um Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this like like uh murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of well like so murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for you know I mean well children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the like so uh layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, like uh I mean 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely like I mean like focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators okay okay well always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories like like so through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a um so you know whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings um I mean you know us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews okay okay I mean. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go well uh so for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay I mean okay like or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views well so um and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This well so you know is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're like well uh looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th um like you know century. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this okay so like enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd well you know uh imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started um okay okay to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think uh uh well we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want to okay so you know be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you I mean well uh from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time. I you know so uh love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like you're so uh well trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of okay well like I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because we uh you know like had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we posted at by okay well you know the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found Mice in our I mean okay well basement. So we had to put our project on hold for a few while we get um so like rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've so you know so now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable I mean okay okay out of all of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't uh you know well seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this like like you know episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 well you know um episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick uh okay well around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Our uh okay you know best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick around I mean okay you know for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance okay uh like to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written I mean um you know comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this uh so I mean contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of time I mean I mean well as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for so you know like joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into like so um the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was okay like like it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that I think well um uh I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah so okay I mean Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey um you know like with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get uh well so eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and well you know you know we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode okay so I mean includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We uh so okay advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at um so um Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial you know I mean well leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as uh um I mean president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at okay like like least. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells well I mean well Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members so um you know of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other I mean like um religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to I mean I mean I mean reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while like like well listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly well well you know recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car I mean I mean okay. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music okay uh I mean I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming you know I mean I mean out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know I mean uh dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best way you know you know well to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it out on well like um Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's by like you know okay far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm so happy I stuck you know you know you know with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're interested in you know um um doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner I mean like so has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has like you know um a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your um well um partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a okay so like relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know well um I mean this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into okay you know okay kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good terms um so you know with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen okay um you know either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you um uh okay want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time well you know um or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's I mean you know well in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing okay like I mean an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to okay I mean um find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have well uh well previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group so uh um of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome I mean well you know to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met like um you know at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, you know you know like you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people you know uh like come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You you know uh so got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes like I mean uh in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened it so like I mean. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying so I mean okay all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that habit you know um well of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And so okay you know like I mean. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels well okay uh and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of well-being okay I mean you know which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason um like like are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with um so okay that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that I mean well like is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta okay um you know gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be um okay um here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did I um okay um come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about um like you know so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I like well okay was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when uh uh well I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was um okay um also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and you know so like I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're you know I mean uh obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement you know you know like. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front okay well like leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, okay you know you know I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance is not like you know so necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre. Fiction and um you know so Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So we're really so I mean I mean excited to be a part of this community. If you're into romance in any um so I mean flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one of my very okay you know okay favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing so uh um a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world like okay you know of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious well okay so subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring the like I mean you know most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips you know well like from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, uh I mean you know like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is well um okay you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you okay I mean um listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in um well uh the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me well I mean I mean and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope like you know well you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in you know so so the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally like um like make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight well like like. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and okay um um we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though so okay okay. Sometimes eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again um well like. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in I mean you know so a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at this so well so for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it uh I mean so maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, uh you know you know you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often uh like okay speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, you know um uh but that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of you know like you know come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think well so like most of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from like so um someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened you know I mean uh to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've like okay um not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I was so um well supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to um um well New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of like well like stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had uh um um so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my like um okay pap. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I mean okay well I see in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying so well so in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here um so well and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally you know well like in my house and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare uh well like. So I'm trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my uh uh well name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and well okay uh real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that I mean um you know might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers you know like um. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a um you know you know mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our I mean uh you know guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's well uh so weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode I mean so like 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom you know okay well one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for your intro on the so like well snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We I mean so uh got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes. How's it uh you know okay going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here. It's weird. It's you know okay well like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can tell like like you know it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known you know well okay for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature uh uh like every day for the last I think week something like that. Well, it sucks here so so I mean um good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode okay um well includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme I mean okay so Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's you know um like gone home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air well um I mean and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy you know I mean well league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap you know okay well stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that so like okay the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans you know so uh. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line um you know so. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs okay like you know for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space so okay well amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us you know you know like. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake I mean I mean you know. We all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, um um well I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves so like you know funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting okay you know uh down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's so well so episode we go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal I mean um well trial where he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had like okay okay another trial two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come so um so back tomorrow for more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as so well you know always you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of okay okay so viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew uh um well ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious minutes well you know okay of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when you know you know you know you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep so well you know you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through I mean you know um ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week like uh okay as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed um well so voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise I mean like uh temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it you know I mean I mean was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And today well uh okay we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and well you know um I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex well I mean well waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are uh I mean you know not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend you know you know like behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium well uh okay Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for okay you know uh the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt uh well like Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed I mean okay uh Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why I mean okay uh circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin I mean so like in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most so I mean um of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our so so okay mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is you know so um. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? you know like well What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're also uh um like going to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world you know so like. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both um I mean so and then really why I choose to do them and why I do believe that well uh okay it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as you you know well um can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for episode I mean like okay 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments on episode 1 okay like well. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today uh you know I mean and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development like uh well productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work um like uh and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick readcom like well okay. App and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art of I mean um like small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex um so so Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and I mean like uh often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when her third I mean I mean um grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about you know well I mean starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started uh like um. We'll anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host I mean so um this podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor uh um I mean we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you you know so okay just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple so okay you know iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best uh um well of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the um like well mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and you know so like every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you like uh you know. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join the you know like like Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links uh like uh at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast like you know you know. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit um so uh your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay so okay. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you so you know you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you know I mean like need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to well you know uh Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the I mean well so bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for so um uh the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you okay you know uh don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts at home, um um okay if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find well um well the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, um um okay I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been um well like Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which well okay uh consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to uh uh well the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise like so um on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a like um uh chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can okay you know I mean find around the house. And so if you answered yes to any of I mean I mean you know them questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% off at the uh well well moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but uh uh well here we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this so well I mean one on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know like um you know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of I mean okay so Netflix, you know. Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new well you know uh movie out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since well okay um a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while well like um we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to um um so share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of you know like uh funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever like I mean well you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I I mean I mean well dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my I mean so um age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the well well so dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the I mean um okay first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up like well like to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting so I mean like through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different uh um okay people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram uh you know well handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you you know um okay for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to you know uh you know us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no um okay so. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace okay well I mean Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's okay um like about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the uh I mean okay beginning of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will I mean um I mean be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really you know you know I mean following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script uh um I mean shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create um so I mean new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping like uh I mean / stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are okay like um super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together I mean you know okay. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank uh okay I mean you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so uh like so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love um uh I mean it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland um I mean like the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going to uh uh well explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can I mean well okay stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast uh like like drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen um I mean okay to podcasts. From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman uh like okay. Socks mmm I'm going to tell you a story that I think you sort of um I mean so remember but maybe don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went I mean so okay to a therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff I mean you know I mean and I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential you know well I mean good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a you know like uh talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and like uh you know also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm like um well on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for um okay um having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of okay uh like your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in uh like like front of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird so you know I mean for me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll you know okay so give it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because so I mean I mean obviously this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or do you know you know I mean you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house um like like. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and okay like like I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and um um so I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening uh like um to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out like like so there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice okay well you know heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally okay so um the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's you know uh like Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or um um okay your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on well I mean I mean Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing so I mean like you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's I mean I mean so everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from like um I mean today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the I mean uh well gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the um you know uh brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a okay okay you know masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as like like um a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They uh like uh joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming so so like weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us so I mean okay why she wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to do is uh I mean so one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes uh um uh listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to okay you know uh thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to okay um I mean make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we um like uh use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well I mean um podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your like well um pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make I mean like um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to like I mean um make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or well well um go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that I mean well okay works. That was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I so well okay started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory I mean um um victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has Fallen Begun so well I mean the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This is okay okay well a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final uh I mean so season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison you know like okay and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited well so you know. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the uh like um world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu um I mean well grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does uh I mean uh a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not uh uh uh just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing so like well things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, uh um I mean mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So I mean well I mean you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the okay uh well weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about you know well okay seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to you know um like be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is um so okay AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have like you know um Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting so so okay podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I was I mean so um sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do I mean you know you know one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have okay uh okay that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it okay uh so in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis okay you know like and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri so so uh River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping um I mean so men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under uh you know you know the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison um well so meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack okay okay okay on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming uh okay so danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that so well so our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor I mean so you know it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation like um like tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean uh you know computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will I mean you know um distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts I mean I mean like and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership well uh uh. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place I mean uh um download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started uh okay so now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're uh okay I mean hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this um okay uh year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to you know I mean okay Hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow well like so your hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week I mean uh um. That means every day this week. You are likely going to get an so so well episode based on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value well well okay come and actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark you know um you know Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media so so uh and he's here to talk with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your okay like um business not just any clients, but the best clients into your business. How do I um well you know identify them and how to get them into your business as leads and where so I mean well to take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and you know well well here. So without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm okay okay you know joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital like uh so marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a like you know you know podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record like you know uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your like well I mean podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and you know okay like many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum okay okay you know and our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place you know um like. Base download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get um you know I mean started. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row so so I mean the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is well so well this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got you know okay I mean some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast well like you know. So a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube I mean okay well channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and so you know well they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch okay I mean uh. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick I mean okay um a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff uh uh okay. You can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll like uh I mean post a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but I mean uh um once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the uh like I mean business then the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before well okay uh you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before uh so uh you get your first sale? So I want to cover a business checklist in I mean so well this podcast go over a couple different options you have and then let you like um I mean know what I do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's okay so so go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human like well um being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two um uh um very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi okay okay well everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys so okay like. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break well so like. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had like okay well quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our well well so lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor you know so so is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if um um uh you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is you know um uh anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and so okay okay record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor like uh okay distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify you know you know well and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of click um well you know the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from I mean um well these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that well uh well I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off um well I mean of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th so I mean okay episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show uh uh I mean. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk okay okay um Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre uh uh I mean Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at okay like um Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to okay well you know sneak into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to um okay so like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can so well um get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building uh uh uh on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best well okay you know place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college you know okay I mean gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They well well uh literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody okay uh you know. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words like uh okay because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to like you know I mean the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this so so well is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I like like uh would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just uh okay like need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is uh uh uh this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is well you know so conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going you know you know like to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from so so um Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship so I mean okay with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to so uh uh the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor okay um I mean before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast uh so like and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's okay okay well free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, um well um why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that you know okay well allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor well um like will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I have you know well okay just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about like life so well okay. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica Simpson okay I mean so book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say anything like like you know in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me if you would I mean I mean well rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - if I um like um were John Mayer, I would be under a rock right now. I even went to his uh I mean you know Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see if people were commenting. That's like I mean uh like the rabbit hole. I went down when I read this but that bad it's not that like like uh bad. I went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with so um okay Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I I mean I mean uh think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and um I mean I mean I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from so um um Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having I mean like I mean me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was like I mean okay weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you um you know I mean so much for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first like okay okay of all because I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to I mean okay okay LA like you're an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop you know uh uh being such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This uh so um is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once so I mean well a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go I mean well so live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing well um I mean. So if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So um so like here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to uh you know well get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and like um I mean there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an embargo um okay like episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah, so so I mean March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look similar Tayo with I mean um so PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous uh I mean you know Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel you know like so 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough so um uh. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United States well I mean I mean the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are based I mean well well in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The okay I mean you know number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a well uh like hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I so okay well mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing um I mean um home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who well um uh had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah you know you know um the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush. Here we go um uh you know. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we go get into um uh uh it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's running the uh I mean you know whole game around us right now. That's why you have a Mac bitter truth well you know okay to break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot okay okay so of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't well you know I mean break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into what you know uh um I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's you know I mean I mean stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club like so okay with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk um uh like about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he well like you know came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So okay uh okay very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm you know well so Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying okay so okay Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful so uh uh Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport um so I mean with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as I mean uh like he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He you know you know I mean was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He okay you know you know encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami. This uh like well wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets to all I mean okay like Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look well you know so at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured I mean you know so aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and you know well like welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to so you know so the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and you know I mean like welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with like um well your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be uh um okay digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a okay well um look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under uh so like Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in I mean okay you know Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually I mean you know so down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to pay homage so um like to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors you know uh you know professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor I mean I mean you know to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a few join me you know like you know each week as I dive into these topics and much more now stay tuned for um okay well the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs so you know like Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with um so I mean business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to well well you know take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super I mean okay well excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa uh uh um teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works on okay uh I mean a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also okay so well does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time makeup so okay so artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you um um you know guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode uh I mean um starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this I mean you know okay podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast uh okay you know. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about like like well random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title um okay so. But then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to um um uh figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice I mean you know like a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode uh like well is about mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as okay well I mean a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast you know well um will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast okay you know okay should be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto well you know um the podcast and basically having them share what they think is important for like so okay us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the well uh uh upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy like I mean you know Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a um okay uh little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL I mean so uh East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real like like like big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let you know like I mean me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the floor so so I mean and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do well well well this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to talk well you know I mean about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions that so um like I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and I mean so you know what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and I mean okay like then make sure to stay all the way to the end because I just uh well well started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where well you know um I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and you know so uh creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I okay you know okay share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter so like well and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in I mean you know so life. This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the um I mean you know reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going so okay uh to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're okay okay um not always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to I mean I mean okay be really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other well uh like days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're uh I mean you know just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear I mean well uh and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that okay um you know business you want to build or that career you want to have is just like well like unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who well like uh knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is just March well like so. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described in the like like so last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And I mean um um this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that well I mean well we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal of this like uh um show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or she can get well so um on a regular basis and you think about the idea of transcending a I mean well I mean space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in our okay um I mean great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of dr okay well like. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me on the ride over okay I mean okay to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a you know I mean you know motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known so you know you know as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get well uh um them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice um you know I mean. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with um like like Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served you know okay um as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she okay well uh feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm okay okay uh here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are so so uh you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your you know like like room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is well uh okay always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and okay you know well together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices in it. Oh like you know I mean and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, but I you know um so don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what I want well I mean well from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have your looks I mean uh I mean your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends from like I mean uh way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us um you know I mean today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from San you know you know well Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share well well so with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true so so well. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah you know well like. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a so I mean so minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? like you know um How do we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're going uh uh um to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I okay I mean okay would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go like uh uh to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, like like like I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only so okay well known it like five ten years before early because all I need to um um like do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just so okay um click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it like you know well in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do okay uh um not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also um you know um need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some so you know uh come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world like okay uh or simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome okay okay um to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more I mean I mean okay than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy this so you know okay one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social well okay I mean media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers okay okay uh dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave like so like a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome you know so uh to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the lovely um like so Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those well okay so of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the okay well I mean guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular I mean um you know program the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict okay well um on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell well uh okay and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps like I mean uh Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for a few like so well years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels all across you know okay okay the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am uh so you know here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today. It's a pleasure um okay I mean to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo okay you know well Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something like uh like. What you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your okay you know like entire life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have um uh you know our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, so I mean um my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, um uh okay so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to well so okay this major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th okay okay um 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like I mean uh well a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe so so you know 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from uh like okay way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it I mean um I mean is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack you know well like. So what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long uh well uh time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a so well um hot minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check um you know okay up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked so like I mean randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you so okay um and I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm you know you know um always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills okay okay I mean. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already you know you know you know listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of stuff okay uh you know to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams play for you know um you know the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of so like I mean you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the companion stream um okay well and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So okay um so now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say I did okay so well not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own you know uh okay insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my so um so selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I like like um woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on so um well this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your own I mean I mean I mean reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that I mean so uh you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast uh so I mean is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater you know okay uh Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are okay so uh as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process okay uh you know of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and so uh like we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can uh so well merge is for you to come with us in other words because we're like uh you know not going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices uh you know you know of your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes so um uh discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise well okay so Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia okay well um ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation so so you know party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an I mean um you know acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl um uh so very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, well like okay they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to well so um Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a party Ali uh like like thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to like um well the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here uh so well. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has uh you know I mean. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with I mean you know um blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta I mean okay uh is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the I mean you know well family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually okay you know so talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and um you know I mean is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference to you know like okay artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature okay well so and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based you know uh I mean on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion well okay like statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster okay you know uh bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name um like you know is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing uh so you know show. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine uh okay um start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the chewing like uh okay side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history tonight's heroin okay uh like is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save America. We don't know like well so exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have told about what well I mean you know happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the United States the British uh well so and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with like um okay Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to uh well like help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road like I mean okay. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew so so like through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered like so uh in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors um okay uh inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna uh I mean like South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she uh like you know felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life you know like you know through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host um so well Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse I mean I mean well and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's I mean well um unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they you know well um did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most well so okay of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't you know um okay we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you so I mean well from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh I mean you know you know watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know okay okay you know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls and one like you know well phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated you know you know okay. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or you know like uh how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix um so um. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has like um uh been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's well like you know book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims. The well like well Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, please like well so enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long and well you know well the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's um so so the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our well okay I mean Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup okay well okay of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we like well so do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet you know um well and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the uh like like Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This like well um is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on I mean um like the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray okay okay well this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just you know you know um going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of it well okay well I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay um um um home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% well you know uh but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I went I mean I mean I mean back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of you know so like Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions like I mean like have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these uh um uh episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday like so well. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible like well like cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts you know um so. Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with okay well so Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear separately uh well like could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie. And okay um so how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu um um well to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid so you know I mean joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to okay well uh be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in um okay um the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm you know well you know really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She so like like believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing well so uh to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands so like like in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great you know like well to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine uh you know well. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I like like okay live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if um like I mean you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison I mean okay like Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and I so so okay along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be okay so you know 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as um okay like next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something like well okay weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be you know well I mean the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have I mean like like been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other okay you know okay explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in so like like the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you know okay um you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her you know okay uh earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our uh well okay Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for the so I mean I mean word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister Ginger labash like so you know who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland. She works you know okay so alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she serves okay uh like as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on the committee I mean uh I mean. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a I mean well okay CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, you know so well we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum uh um uh with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We uh um you know also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the you know okay I mean Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who so like you know listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of well I mean um the world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to like so so explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and uh I mean okay Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - well you know you know man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating uh uh like character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions uh uh uh again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of I mean um uh them. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time well I mean okay but before all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time you know well um since we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been you know well I mean there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I I mean uh uh played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh so well me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well uh okay podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know you know well. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can um I mean I mean make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to um you know so make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred okay uh um on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on um like I mean health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and you know I mean uh Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot like well okay 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some I mean um uh of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's well okay like Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 okay uh like on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa like so like Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night you know so uh. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa I mean uh uh Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night um so well talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending um like um with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring and uh uh you know now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day. I'd you know okay like only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to shop a super I mean you know okay work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they I mean you know uh always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did like um uh I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, you can't so uh um remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of me. So hopefully um uh so you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit so you know uh of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things so well well about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast okay like so. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your um um okay podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So okay well um download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started I mean you know I mean check it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the um you know I mean title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings you know okay well will be sitting down with people's to talk about their story and their successes I mean so like. It doesn't mean you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to I mean I mean well be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website okay uh so at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask I mean so so you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can okay well uh I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good I mean um like. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 well um okay above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't so so like allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? so like you know Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know you know um well who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, okay I mean I mean so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the uh so okay rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only like like uh school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't okay okay so ask either of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't you know uh you know know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm well uh I mean going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's okay um uh literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need is in like um uh one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you you know I mean okay here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind um okay like of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't um okay like really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with um you know like a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself I mean so uh a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous you know well you know lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability um okay um to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you you know like um want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that okay uh uh Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in um I mean okay the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly okay I mean so going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because like you know so Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight uh so so. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so I mean well uh she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other you know like uh reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now you know like so I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know so okay uh your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today uh like you know on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a okay like uh deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel well um uh and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 um uh so p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on okay um uh. It's just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real well I mean um real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never so you know um met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he well like like is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is like uh well that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him uh I mean well up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He like I mean so loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he uh okay well will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I mean like um I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how well like um we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's you know okay um like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open well okay like. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again you know like uh calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, so okay uh we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other so okay well. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're here so so um. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to you know well uh worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he plays like um well hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I like I mean okay play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All right okay I mean so. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from way back you know so okay when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This wife well so you know you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I mean so okay I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could um so like just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come like you know I mean chat with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna uh okay well. Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell okay I mean so me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited like so you know to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's uh well okay a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm you know like I mean just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She like uh uh just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category I mean um okay. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading I mean so so faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony okay uh you know Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or okay you know okay not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know uh I mean so if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered uh well well that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your okay I mean okay host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover more about like uh well spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age stuff um I mean I mean Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will well like well be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will you know so uh have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me on so um well this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really um I mean uh looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have a like I mean well business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't have well well okay customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here's what um okay I mean to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make your I mean like uh offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you more bookings and well okay okay possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red into the black with your so like you know air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how okay like um to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies um like so will get you more bookings and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty okay so so / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super uh you know like simple to implement. They're just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of well you know um them will require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of so uh so investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode like so like contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may uh uh um find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly well um you know was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office you know okay like. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff like um um. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa like um uh you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his so you know like teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just uh um um what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is the you know um well more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know I mean uh so what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more you know like so that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a uh like I mean special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at my I mean um um name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a well like well podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin so um um in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen okay uh well. It's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue I mean okay you know by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing like um you know all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but I mean um I mean on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with well like uh hope we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible okay well like but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of uh you know well Hope first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you know uh like you haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So I mean um so let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely like you know you know free to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right I mean well well from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do so I mean okay anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple uh so uh podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with you know okay you know no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this you know uh so is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this word uh uh like increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God through um okay uh Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with this one so well like. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it so I mean well possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and I mean well I mean 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday you know okay like. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and well okay okay I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio um I mean okay experience. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really so like well really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of uh uh well the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord uh uh like you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you know um so you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to well um like make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and well well so you can make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really you know um I mean really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take like I mean um things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find okay like so out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah you know so like. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing uh you know okay shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have well like um Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the good week okay I mean I mean. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already mentioned you know so uh we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson like you know like and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The okay um like summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge uh well you know a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some well I mean like true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic okay uh okay like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who so well like gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved so you know so notoriety this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My name okay uh you know is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that um like uh I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I you know okay so am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things well uh um is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get uh so like the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things I mean uh um that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which so okay okay is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency so uh so created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here you know well I mean in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East you know well you know some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn you know so you know from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing unless uh like well absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth um I mean well Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad um well like you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with age. Not always um like like the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that I heard it so you know um in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in you know um well the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called okay okay like a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth um I mean I mean is that before the world was created God already had you and I in mind you know I mean uh each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other okay I mean uh person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and um well uh only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and so well I mean his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in okay so okay US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce so like like to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that we had so like uh talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it a reality now okay like well. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we are welcome well so I mean to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of I mean like I mean just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us so you know you know start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are uh uh uh individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, uh well well it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know well like so us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard well uh well. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one uh well um. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house so um so Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So well like I mean I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good. Now you like I mean like called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results of like you know so the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival um um well selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 okay so like action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy so uh I mean feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home uh so uh at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed I mean well uh and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To like like like one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA so I mean like band Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for like so you know teens melons 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've um I mean um looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, um so um but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV you know so I mean talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I okay I mean I mean apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is like I mean like the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having I mean I mean uh an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have so well like a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast um so so of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie uh okay well deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know so so uh how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just well I mean you know editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the um well well trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past so um you know. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and well I mean uh everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure um like uh out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a well you know uh proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why like like okay you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way shape um uh okay or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular I'm okay you know I mean not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average um okay uh high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This is a okay well uh little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell like um I mean that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil you know I mean I mean who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head of um okay well all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the okay okay uh law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot come um uh well near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I so um um Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with so okay well the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that surpasses uh uh you know all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is in the like you know I mean world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have put up I mean so so the old and put on the new I have been given and it's been given uh I mean so to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all my needs. According uh um well to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all so well uh the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This um well okay will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion um like like because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably um uh um To be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get I mean well like through all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm like so um good. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to um I mean you know make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael well um um. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having well uh like me on Nam im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage so so okay trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the uh uh like trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to uh uh okay today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering I mean uh you know the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were uh you know um considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime like I mean I mean of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This I mean uh so podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a you know so you know few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I like okay uh interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to like so you know answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page okay well um on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I you know so uh promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please ask like I mean so me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at uh I mean so near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for um so um near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but uh like so while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm you know you know like Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than okay so like you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches a you know I mean you know very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting other you know uh okay people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you uh I mean well missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer you know okay um does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important um I mean I mean tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control um uh okay. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on so so uh your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we I mean okay well unpack everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS okay okay I mean so that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and so um I mean devices. This episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast okay well okay. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that uh well okay they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it um I mean like from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really okay so you know like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and so um so edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere so like uh and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no um well like minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very own um like like podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener discretion um you know like is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about well you know so to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements um uh I mean from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give you the like so well most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped upon um I mean okay the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests dried himself you know so so his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before so like so today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy like so you know on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good you know I mean um. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much okay so like better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train like I mean okay legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you like uh like I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see I mean you know I mean you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well you know so you know I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not so so okay as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but you know I mean well I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers you know you know well crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't well um I mean be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our I mean like I mean I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a I mean so like special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's okay um well your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? you know uh so I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at so well so work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy well okay uh future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star okay so um. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and well so I mean True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener so so uh discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering the um like uh sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate you know you know so sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what a like so so time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if okay so like you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the beginning okay I mean well of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe winter I mean um so is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this well uh so in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan you know okay uh Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's I mean okay okay the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University uh okay uh of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some so uh I mean of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess you know I mean well but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight you know okay okay. I'm your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing you know okay okay I want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in you know you know I mean Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling well I mean okay all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about so uh so anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a um uh okay podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record um okay you know and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your uh well well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more well so like you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you okay well you know need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or go so um I mean to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of you know well you know the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court you know you know you know of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City like well okay bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's okay like uh decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back okay okay uh to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney okay well like Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution um okay you know is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest um well uh ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on I mean like well a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day so so uh but the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the uh well so front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along well okay uh the northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in uh well you know the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, you know um like they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe like so well the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those um okay uh of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions you know well well of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's uh like like the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict um like uh on but no by at go by in a module on my adding my so well so messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to okay well well say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break uh like uh that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has so so so simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do I mean you know like all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create I mean uh I mean and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you okay like like waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus okay okay I mean after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he so I mean okay gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God okay um you know to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to uh I mean uh be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter okay like you know comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus I mean I mean I mean says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They um um uh something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of like uh uh Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the father okay so like in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would I mean so I mean be talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your okay you know I mean host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have so um well heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic like okay well advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient I mean uh I mean and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology uh okay okay platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years well you know um American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do um well okay you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody so well um Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on I mean like so everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my well okay well best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night um well okay. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know like so uh ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was uh you know I mean fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian so okay like guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you know um so you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all sorts um okay okay of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an article uh I mean so go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to well uh so say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically about um so like the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the well um uh history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, okay I mean um I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from um um so PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the so okay well sea. It's also a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the I mean so I mean Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king um so like cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me on the only podcast that is well you know I mean going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one well um uh. There are times that I look over this list to see what's coming up and I like okay well get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real okay so well soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants I mean okay you know AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls I mean you know so AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if uh well I mean I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last so so uh week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with me I mean uh um David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And of okay uh like course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them well I mean um very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're um uh so counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, you know um you know one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park well so okay. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with okay like okay nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here so um okay every day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you I mean so uh get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer like uh you know Olympics had concluded and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park you know okay well Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division uh uh well two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division um so um stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and like uh I mean I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of like okay okay the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the I mean um well eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even you know so um if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related to so well okay a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have well uh you know it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in I mean so you know the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used I mean okay well for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms um uh okay bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing communism well uh okay in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to like so like get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our so uh okay names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is like uh uh. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old you know okay well Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main um you know well employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy uh I mean uh and a lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 okay I mean like 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm so um so transgender. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new uh uh okay Spotify original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders you know okay like by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from like like like Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but uh you know well today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always you know I mean like this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition so um um. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice like um like from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because you know um so the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top you know you know like. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after Bush like uh so show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and I would you know I mean so like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we There's a so you know well lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question uh um um for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing has okay so like actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham well so well with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're so you know okay here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation okay well okay and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid like okay like open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body uh uh um embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak um um you know about and so my question for you just to get right into it because I mean well like I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for um okay well you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let you you know I mean um know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our you know um okay podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There are creation uh okay you know tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your like you know like computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be heard on I mean okay uh Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make money from um okay um Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a podcast uh um you know all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and um uh like Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's so uh like a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason uh I mean I mean. Yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother like uh um listen to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's okay well so good. So we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we uh like you know get into Addresses when I get this out of the way a quick plug or so so I mean big plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want so I mean okay you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the um you know um Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to okay okay like hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather so um like than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end of you know um so the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It um uh uh just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you um so well will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome I mean um I mean to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability um um uh become so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness uh you know I mean influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she well I mean I mean came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World okay you know so perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with well so um may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea well you know like of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed I mean uh I mean to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It um uh you know was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I okay um you know really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a well um well comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay like um you know Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the okay like um outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small range like you know so Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell so uh you know. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose I mean okay like levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is um I mean uh the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through well uh uh the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the like like you know concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the okay like well bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose like like like into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored you know well you know for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration well like you know. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode well okay so today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his um uh I mean total Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super like you know uh nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot so um uh of great people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation okay like I mean with them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just I mean I mean so to note the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So uh uh um the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you um you know so want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin uh like uh podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of March okay okay like 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the morning I mean um uh. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut the bank well so okay of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new round okay well okay of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the I mean like well cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the well okay okay right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump I mean like uh tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the uh um I mean Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is so okay um the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a well okay you know Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this you know like okay is the secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by you know I mean you know. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in I mean uh well the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views well like uh or comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but so okay so I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came you know um like on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go okay um well pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast you know like I mean. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and you know like like curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany well I mean um American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your okay I mean I mean host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor like you know you know here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over you know well like the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did uh okay uh and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got well you know like up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into uh I mean uh halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they um so I mean didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of the okay like uh time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt um uh well comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but I mean uh uh a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject like well like matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for everyone so you know um discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about so like um sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened um uh um to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists I mean uh like on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this um like I mean PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors uh well okay popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at um you know I mean Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with well you know uh GDC 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue uh you know um Emerging Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games okay well uh industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series like so like GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you know so uh you guys doing? All right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush like I mean like through this one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can um like um sorry so start with updates and I've got three quick updates. First of you know I mean well all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie uh I mean you know and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to call the like I mean I mean great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're going to like like you know Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of course do okay I mean okay our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're like like well going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation um okay well. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen uh like uh Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out I mean well so of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're okay well uh covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year well like well old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back so I mean uh to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My so I mean uh name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 well like so salon, and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a like um okay first episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny you know um you know stories that focus of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners uh I mean I mean and every Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny um um I mean stories you guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email um um I mean us and we'll give you the email address at the end of the podcast okay um I mean. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I will start with my first two okay um um because these are the these are the ones from when I was an um okay you know assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three days later, well you know okay which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys well uh um and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether like so um through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and you know well well this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day so you know okay almost every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a um okay you know friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your uh okay so way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And uh you know so this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind I mean um um. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in so you know um a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you simply so okay you know Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of uh well so information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put you know like um it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm I mean um um joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad like well uh boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr uh so okay Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all so well um know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in um well well the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on I mean so um or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good okay I mean so guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start like so you know brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a um you know okay little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the uh well I mean story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who so so uh helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura uh I mean um sweat that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous okay so like. His father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't well like um have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and okay okay okay became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not I mean uh uh covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything so um uh that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in part well so uh. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to unchastity like uh so or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that um um um they had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act so you know you know. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin okay so um and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid you know well well Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter by Roald Dahl okay uh well. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the short uh well you know story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl uh like well. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously known uh um you know for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has sold over okay I mean okay 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the plot Expedition uh um okay begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from work. It well you know so seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted so uh uh to say that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the well uh well comments with the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so well you know um I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I I mean okay um wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl so I mean you know. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey like um like they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys so like I mean have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So uh um so a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I mean I mean so I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's me uh so uh Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and you know I mean I mean we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that like okay okay they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin like I mean you know Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this like I mean I mean episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been you know like like responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's uh well like a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back so um um. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you uh I mean um around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo um you know like little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason um like I mean. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to like so you know give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We well you know um actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we I mean uh um were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative so I mean like outlet and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to I mean I mean so it and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed um uh I mean us experiencing Elvis things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to um uh well send us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you like um so have any thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell um like um you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest uh uh uh way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that so like like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor uh like you know will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and so I mean um many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything uh you know um you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app okay you know uh or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to like I mean so take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible I mean um so to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having like I mean uh a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to so uh so record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the well I mean you know packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also well like you know using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me like so well everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free you know okay okay either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives um um I mean us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting well like okay your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or well um you know go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting uh like uh topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater like I mean you know pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway um I mean so. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where are okay okay I mean you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if you're listening you know so like on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is okay like okay episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so like I mean um so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of you you know um you know. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and like so okay today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects okay I mean okay. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to uh I mean uh get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode you know you know like 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at you know um um the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other well well so businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to well so uh be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to like I mean well thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this so like well one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's um well you know totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean so I mean right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So so uh so you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you okay I mean um can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful well well I mean podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every so okay okay touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the value that so so you know they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club. I spent like well uh four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times you know well uh every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is um uh uh your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm uh I mean um the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going you know um well to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that happened this uh well well week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have like I mean you know the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Iger I mean uh uh. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of credit you know okay okay card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of limb Bush uh um um and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC okay I mean okay registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as I mean okay I mean to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up okay um like. They said that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite like so well nervous that people are going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video you know okay well every one of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of well like you know our DNA. We believe that there is this life we can live that like uh um that's just a little bit further than where we are that if we get enough you know uh I mean power we can we can live this life that is extraordinary. And and so you know like and so Way we think about this as we kind of got if I like okay I mean can give all of myself and be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal so well like that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe I can get there and uh uh uh be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is okay you know okay based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing okay you know so House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you okay I mean um grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him I mean so so. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 like um I mean verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried well so I mean and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses um I mean okay and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that um you know I mean our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the I mean like well easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you know like okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm like um like doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute I mean you know um. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you know I mean um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I okay uh uh can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor I mean well uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back uh like uh to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 you know well um today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy from Dayton you know you know so Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the uh uh like ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little so you know you know bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for I mean I mean you know. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise so like uh Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a uh like um mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and heard okay um you know it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I I mean okay um created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find ways to navigate um um well life in the thick of it and find a way out of it. You cannot change so okay so your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always like like like writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their like um uh taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why like uh um didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school well well like. It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to like um well add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column uh well um you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how um okay I mean to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to you know um I mean read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught uh I mean so that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions so you know um and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It well you know like just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners okay I mean you know may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden frame uh um um of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within so I mean so and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with um well uh her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that uh well um she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched okay you know um on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this you know so you know labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby like I mean like. The world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother like well so since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right um um uh last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked you know like um me a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm I mean well well clearly a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this you know uh you know podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 well like okay a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all uh like you know neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot okay uh like of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to so okay uh see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready you know like like to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had a I mean so okay thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know I mean you know um functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there okay like you know. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a uh I mean well decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into RN I mean well I mean school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2 I mean um well. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last like I mean uh time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of you know you know I mean branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with so you know like bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself well so so an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing I mean um so Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but um like so I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast uh I mean um video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First you know you know okay off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has well um okay been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of so you know well the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone okay like um up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's you know you know like actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't um um you know you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was well I mean like February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host um like like any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm uh okay you know so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, um um okay how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, like uh uh what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played you know well you know podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until uh like um eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey you know okay uh. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's okay so so at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just uh you know okay jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to you know you know okay thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to um so okay make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's um so I mean a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right like I mean okay from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets you know you know so for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can I mean um so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need I mean okay well to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker I mean so okay app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know okay so okay. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely well like well just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love uh well so. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic like uh so. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking um um um like what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having like so I mean xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I um so so feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way well you know I mean which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you uh I mean so do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for the I mean like so come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints okay so so. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is so you know I mean sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast okay I mean uh. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting well you know um. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to okay uh okay record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also I mean like so distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast um uh okay and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all uh so uh in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get okay I mean you know started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going so so you know through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be um you know uh laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides you know like um. You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you so okay okay want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a you know so so wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair uh so I mean have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once okay so like you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want uh I mean well you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top like I mean um now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after so uh okay show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of War well uh like. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and like so well we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I am so well I mean joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up guys I mean so um and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket you know okay well with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad uh I mean okay I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, uh like okay what did you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm I mean okay um. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today you get the so I mean uh pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great. I just want to um so okay let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary people I've ever you know um uh met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with anything. I well I mean okay am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one. Love language like okay you know is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because well um well full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section and this is you know so so gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real um so uh here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that so well um real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like okay I mean um you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you you know okay um always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew had so so well cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited well you know I mean for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what like okay I mean it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages I mean uh like So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are okay so uh and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys okay like well wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening well I mean like that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So you know okay like the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? like I mean okay I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been I mean I mean like it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, well well you know and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This so well um is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after well um uh your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit like so uh earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that so uh so you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro um so well after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this like um well snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the uh so uh way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step so I mean so the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast uh okay so hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to so like you know Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You you know like okay name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that okay um so. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back um uh I mean when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to you know okay okay know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay um uh you know for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will I mean um um hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the like uh I mean anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to um like okay the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows I mean well okay at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive I mean um like new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a so okay like short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have well well uh written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the you know I mean so anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free so uh uh and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is you know uh you know released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get you know uh like rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to okay well I mean episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to okay okay okay a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the okay um um hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying I mean you know so but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to um uh so rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is you know um like fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's I mean uh I mean your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun to you know I mean well speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad. Hi um okay I mean guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's I mean um okay right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's I mean so I mean actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode well you know well 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we uh okay I mean had a nice little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one you know like well like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. I like okay you know love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens to like um okay that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy uh so like it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in I mean okay like session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode well so like two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on Student uh well um Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week I mean well so to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You I mean well uh to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from so okay like Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec I mean well well board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator uh um well as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So I mean like you know definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend and uh uh um some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock Holt you know you know so Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard for me I mean you know like to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It has become uh so like grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined from you know I mean um the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go any further I mean uh you know. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of our um so uh virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your I mean you know I mean personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who I mean so you know also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is um I mean okay the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of well so like the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live um like okay with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in you know like um the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises you know okay well are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only like uh um when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A I mean um you know promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen um like well in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I like so um guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that I well okay so had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little okay okay like bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It well um I mean is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards the end well well okay of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following well I mean like it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the so like well disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came well well well and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for uh I mean well Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's okay um well Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a like well uh loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used like uh um to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit um like uh of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom you know okay okay from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of you know so well philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through I mean okay like this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief well I mean you know got consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working so so um of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is well well you know contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do like I mean so a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to well okay um carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a so um I mean body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as well um well our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with I mean so you know his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation uh I mean you know to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week uh I mean uh this week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch you know okay well the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do well okay okay with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened I mean uh well to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is um um you know Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad you know well I mean. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days like okay uh. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren you know okay I mean. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled so you know um her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren like okay okay. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a I mean I mean I mean little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves so I mean um her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee you know like uh with down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the um okay um session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about uh uh uh the coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance you know you know well and where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough uh well you know on a Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a I mean so like difference. So we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of uh so like a bar called Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So um like so it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time so so you know out of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni well okay I mean and inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our well you know um investment team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career okay I mean so or investment ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect you know you know like McMaster University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is okay so you know undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about like like well the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make okay I mean you know a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free okay like okay. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your like you know um podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for like okay well you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod um I mean I mean catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's no uh I mean okay minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one place? okay okay uh So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f so um like m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So do it, you you know okay okay know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk about uh well okay that for like that like mid break part where you put like an ad well you know so. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing and then we like uh uh get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken I mean so I mean Harry Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your like I mean okay name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this well um uh time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 I mean uh uh & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at you know like uh this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, um well I mean and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail so so okay. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric. I'm so like um Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first um uh okay half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and Soon like okay like into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time. So uh I mean so we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part you know I mean I mean 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit more um I mean so context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting you know um I mean more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're in um okay so the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my goodness, you know you know so dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't so okay I mean know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, I mean I mean well it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush like well um mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite I mean like you know songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like so like you know a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is Tiffany you know well well Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our listeners I mean um well voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the okay I mean well pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the likes okay so so of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch sound like before uh I mean so any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder has is an uh so I mean idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a big okay like okay business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have are a um I mean uh few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the so okay um pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to I mean well you know financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with so so well me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama so well I mean win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you well so I mean back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to well you know okay get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good well so I mean. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially uh you know like after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host okay I mean um of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake uh you know like level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night uh I mean I mean and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering so you know uh SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, so well uh it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've so uh I mean got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and okay well okay confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this okay uh like week has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing um okay like with some issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms you know uh like of when people would say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me like I mean so to be able to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the um like so positivity that I also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how well I mean I mean deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like like so like it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will uh um like be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus well uh um and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the I mean well uh memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last you know okay like and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud okay like okay voice let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the I mean so um invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction um so I mean for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy you know well so and he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different I mean uh like. I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is I mean like like going to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to you know well um listen. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you know I mean okay you're going to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour I mean like like episode this half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless so I mean so plug but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They uh you know like need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she you know like uh weather's so many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening I mean you know you know. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about you know uh okay anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest uh you know uh way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation tools like um like that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay you know I mean or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you like like um. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's uh I mean uh everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we um well you know anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, okay so I mean let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to you know okay I mean what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so you know like you know crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what uh well like they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or you know you know I mean at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start so um um the music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah you know so okay. Yeah do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is okay so um where in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast so um um and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today uh like okay. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast um well so. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and you know so so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast well okay um for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you I mean so uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to I mean okay well make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning okay um you know handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back you know um um to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you uh you know okay all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady uh um so back. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm so uh so glad to be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening like um well to all the podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love uh I mean um getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to okay I mean I mean hear what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that okay so okay if you are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right well like so sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise I mean okay like you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy like like um. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with um I mean well great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless um like so efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic plans and you know so you know sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the problem is sometimes most so okay like of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, you know like you know it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike uh I mean like I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay well okay so. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have well um uh to fucking kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day well uh um that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove well okay uh the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making well um okay a rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off so uh I mean of it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could like you know uh have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 you know you know uh built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie like so well Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you find it so I mean like hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's very tricky to I mean so okay balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, but it's like um so such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses uh um well and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in I mean well uh three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways like so you know of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing you know okay well the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down. So so okay you know happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you know, I mean okay you know it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy of um you know like his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you okay so you know for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send so so uh your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's uh um I mean again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my I mean you know so favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing uh you know so in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle I mean you know uh. She's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week okay so you know if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in well I mean so we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7 I mean so like. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these like okay I mean are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in um well uh college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and the like well um thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds okay so so. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends I mean I mean um. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway uh um like nollie. If you could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which so um okay like of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very I mean like okay Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster. And okay well well this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made you know well well there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've you know okay I mean explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were like I mean um looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort um like uh of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season um you know so we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time it's time it's time it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from history tonight. We've got we've got we've got we've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient in ancient in ancient in ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real yeah, real yeah, real yeah, real good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free listen free listen free listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to gossips to gossips to gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've opened up the line. So at so at so at so at any stage, you may get a call from a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys you guys you guys you guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get don't get don't get don't get me wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the yo the yo the yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going back and forth. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's because it's because it's because it's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you yep, you yep, you yep, you heard it here water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's eLD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler alone angler alone angler alone angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed it bombed it bombed it bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that it's completely free. There's these there's these there's these there's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going from said, bitch. That bitch that bitch that bitch that bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a enough a enough a enough a school of sardines was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi met Javi met Javi met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly a teacher who showed a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my hello my hello my hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I think I think I think I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, all right, all right, all right, they may look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must it must it must it must be so hard to start a podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've got they've got they've got they've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off the Earth. What is what is what is what is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You can record on the go. Some of some of some of some of you you travel for work and you travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, same yeah, same yeah, same yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March 2nd 2020. The optional the optional the optional the optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't he didn't he didn't he didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook he shook he shook he shook his head. He couldn't he couldn't he couldn't he couldn't think about those words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we before we before we before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope we hope we hope we hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or computer through their app. They will they will they will they will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more. It's another it's another it's another it's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well no, well no, well no, well that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But before but before but before but before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, the oh, the oh, the oh, I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which starship which starship which starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope I hope I hope I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization avisualization avisualization avisualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These are these are these are these are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni and I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that and that and that and that is Leticia stop who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that she was guilty get. T they tthey tthey tthey call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my so my so my so my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the one Bitcoin show. Today is today is today is today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take she'll take she'll take she'll take it back. I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I have TVs on my counter. I got I got I got I got cookies on my counters, who's they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just I just I just I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me let me let me let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long how long how long how long was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I just I just I just I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely it's definitely it's definitely it's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is it is it is it is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is how is how is how is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you do you do you do you feel kind of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked just blacked just blacked just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was I was I was I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were we were we were we were one minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll say this till till I die. You only you only you only you only have the next breath. That's all that's all that's all that's all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people watching on YouTube for you. This is this is this is this is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would he would he would he would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm pretty energized right now. Just got just got just got just got off the back of doing some live training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back. So it so it so it so it has been about a month since my last episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt. It all it all it all it all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear I fear I fear I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we did we did we did we just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is it is it is it is 100% free. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said it's said it's said it's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, well, sir, well, sir, well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas. He is he is he is he is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran I ran I ran I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was he was he was he was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need I need I need I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left I left I left I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was this was this was this was like wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was it was it was it was just like one of those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here okay, here okay, here okay, here we go. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can you can you can you can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if so if so if so if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget to hit subscribe. So you so you so you so you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and moans and moans and moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with moaning with moaning with moaning with you within you grunting as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I and I and I and I calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see we see we see we see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in there in there in there in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want we want we want we want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet along with us. You can you can you can you can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can you can you can you can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind. It's like it's like it's like it's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do what do what do what do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos I'm Carlos I'm Carlos I'm Carlos and I play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, all right, all right, all right, let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself make yourself make yourself make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so and so and so and so I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember I remember I remember I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It's much it's much it's much it's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered you covered you covered you covered the baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the and the and the and the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode 17 the rivals. Let's just let's just let's just let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather hyah, Heather hyah, Heather hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really it's really it's really it's really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would I would I would I would like to welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today. We'll speak we'll speak we'll speak we'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone back everyone back everyone back everyone in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you have you have you have you ever thought about starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just it's just it's just it's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different. Forms all forms all forms all forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, hi friends, hi friends, hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did I did I did I did actually say it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name my name my name my name is Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, right? I am I am I am I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's your what's your what's your what's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're so we're so we're so we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community here. I will I will I will I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in now in now in now in this lesson, you guys are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite podcast. The friends the friends the friends the friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations kiki relations kiki relations kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is this is this is this is important information that I want all of you to have. It's going it's going it's going it's going to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need you need you need you need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been it's been it's been it's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just I just I just I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is this is this is this is the podcast dedicated to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim Ireland. We're going we're going we're going we're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased I'm pleased I'm pleased I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is what is what is what is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show. Yes. It's no it's no it's no it's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting you're sitting you're sitting you're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's sometimes it's sometimes it's sometimes it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We this we this we this we this is a this is a one-take show. So if so if so if so if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could how could how could how could you get anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at podcast at podcast at podcast at one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again once again once again once again that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we yo, we yo, we yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we here we here we here we are with the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's so what's so what's so what's up, Bob? Good talk good talk good talk good talk anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what so what so what so what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations on congratulations on congratulations on congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty so pretty so pretty so pretty cool to be going to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if now, if now, if now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your so your so your so your mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've so you've so you've so you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you if you if you if you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for this? We'll get we'll get we'll get we'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or your computer. The first the first the first the first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a starting a starting a starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a it's a it's a it's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? There? It is it is it is it is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is he is he is he is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have I have I have I have my homegirl my boo my love in the building. Let them let them let them let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what like, what like, what like, what do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to due to due to due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if so if so if so if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's so that's so that's so that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse me. If you're if you're if you're if you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is. It's a it's a it's a it's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head on over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to you is simple. Are you are you are you are you currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well why well why well why well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon a time in Taipei. There are there are there are there are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had he had he had he had received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you and you and you and you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said mommy said mommy said mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip. I cannot I cannot I cannot I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We have we have we have we have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance quality catching equipment. If you're if you're if you're if you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket the pocket the pocket the pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and in and in and in and around us. In fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies. They are they are they are they are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The run the run the run the run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you have you have you have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a she's a she's a she's a columnist a host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically she's basically she's basically she's basically like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just she just she just she just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years. Now. Did that did that did that did that spark appear very early on in your life or did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button. If you if you if you if you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you if you if you if you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, today's topic. We are we are we are we are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us check us check us check us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say andrew say andrew say andrew say hi to everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you if you if you if you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is there is there is there is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I had I had I had I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope I hope I hope I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for tuning in again. This is this is this is this is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast online. If you're if you're if you're if you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady tom Brady tom Brady tom Brady greatest of all time Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it so it so it so it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own podcast. You can you can you can you can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's so here's so here's so here's a quick note before we get started. If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is this is this is this is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough free agency. I mean I mean I mean I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are how are how are how are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out it's out it's out it's out of order. I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is this is this is this is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe I believe I believe I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about all the new information. We learned we learned we learned we learned from PAX East and there will be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, you know, you know, you know, it's been a really productive week. But in but in but in but in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven. I hope I hope I hope I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank you to everyone today. We're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first the first the first the first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one literally one literally one literally one exactly one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have we have we have we have a building from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the for the for the for the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you have you have you have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a it's a it's a it's a conflict of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think we think we think we think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed away. He was he was he was he was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about the people you put together. I want I want I want I want to take advantage of this to share with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El ahora El ahora El ahora El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no you're no you're no you're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I bucked Authority. I can I can I can I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug. Thank you thank you thank you thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I and I and I and I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can so can so can so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn the Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John Hopkins database. So right so right so right so right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not we're not we're not we're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any deaths in California. And so and so and so and so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the 1920s. He was he was he was he was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for death by that time. The electric the electric the electric the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We are we are we are we are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another there's another there's another there's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the now the now the now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name my name my name my name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept it's kept it's kept it's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want you want you want you want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about that shortly. It's light it's light it's light it's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he is he is he is he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so so, um, I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy. So that's so that's so that's so that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast comes to be. Remember. I started I started I started I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast producer. How do I do this? And he and he and he and he just told me anchor use anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since and since and since and since it was the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like mmm, like mmm, like mmm, like my mom used to come into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like Gap with me. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm not true. Dentist all dentist all dentist all dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught I've caught I've caught I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast. Hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will daisy will daisy will daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she has content. That's a that's a that's a that's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not so not so not so not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be but it was there. We took the we just say major so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this and this and this and this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree however tree however tree however tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type what type what type what type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you if you if you if you decide to build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes that makes that makes that makes it simple for you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word of God. I'm able I'm able I'm able I'm able to settle down. And find and find and find and find peace and fully rest And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It let It let It let It Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica I'm Monica I'm Monica I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you what you what you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had I had I had I had no prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look I look I look I look like shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here we're here we're here we're here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that is happening in the field. This is this is this is this is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I and I and I and I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are there are there are there are some nuggets up in here. I can't I can't I can't I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back going back going back going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all about her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time it's time it's time it's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is today is today is today is heroines are a pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello. We're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free. Rio well rio well rio well rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, come on, come on, come on, the love that now Monday. Let's go let's go let's go let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports now Sports now Sports now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the Metropolitan. Well, technically well, technically well, technically well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it is it is it is it the tiebreaker because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically they're not in first. All I all I all I all I care about is when you look at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today. You have you have you have you have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you and you and you and you ready to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely he's definitely he's definitely he's definitely someone I should have called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field but also off the field as well. So without so without so without so without further Ado, here's my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are how are how are how are you my brother? That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you have you have you have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you do you do you do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to them. Well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust yeah, trust yeah, trust yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I well, I well, I well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is yes, is yes, is yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we what we what we what we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you also, you also, you also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of lots of lots of lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back we're back we're back we're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the in the in the in the last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this and this and this and this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the tonight the tonight the tonight the governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not it's not it's not it's not a full podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still we're still we're still we're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name my name my name my name is Matt. And I and I and I and I Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of the co-hosts cam and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's so it's so it's so it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I and I and I and I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this and this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have you'll have you'll have you'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right now. It is it is it is it is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until but until but until but until she gets here it is just yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see random things. I support I support I support I support my right to party and you always you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what it's what it's what it's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy school. She has she has she has she has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment business coach. I lead I lead I lead I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each week. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs the drugs the drugs the drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go so go so go so go and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the we're the we're the we're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a once a once a once a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel I feel I feel I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're and we're and we're and we're here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always you're always you're always you're always welcome to come to the light. So today so today so today so today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to share with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just I just I just I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might I might I might I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by considered by considered by considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 march 8 march 8 march 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be next. I call I call I call I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name my name my name my name is Mike feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel my panel my panel my panel I am over here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is alien is alien is alien is welcome back to our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like that's like that's like that's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're like they're like they're like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I no I no I no I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no we're no we're no we're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control control control control control control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you thank you thank you thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is this is this is this is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are we are we are we are going to be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream I dream I dream I dream of you to wake would that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we so we so we so we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going we're going we're going we're going to explore topics that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I just love it. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if so if so if so if there was something in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy. Love it. And what and what and what and what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is that is that is that is a very simple question I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you then you then you then you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and how most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I sorry, I sorry, I sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not sorry, not sorry, not sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I but I but I but I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's free it's free it's free it's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today so today so today so today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd june 22nd june 22nd june 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you. You can you can you can you can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up from the original price. We hope we hope we hope we hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't I don't I don't I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just it's just it's just it's just an example, but they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better showing than others. So I so I so I so I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting down the biggest scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some time ago. I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a there's a there's a there's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having he's having he's having he's having his location just a block away for over four years going it to the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel I feel I feel I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I when I when I when I say that we need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week. We got the NFL. We got we got we got we got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful visit beautiful visit beautiful visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing. We got we got we got we got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our there's our there's our there's our main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we well, we well, we well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see let's see let's see let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like it's like it's like it's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep we keep we keep we keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this so this so this so this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what well, what well, what well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again we're again we're again we're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about the amazing app. I'm using I'm using I'm using I'm using right now. It is it is it is it is called anchor this is the app. I use I use I use I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? I have I have I have I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in right? So what so what so what so what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the but the but the but the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't I can't I can't I can't wait either. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna see ya. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want I want I want I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So I so I so I so I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are as a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had she had she had she had come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the now, the now, the now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where now where now where now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has it has it has it has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is this is this is this is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today but today but today but today I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a tie a tie a tie a seat right there. He said I want to tell you about something that I found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is this is this is this is Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. I want I want I want I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both we both we both we both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want I want I want I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 11. I read I read I read I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging it's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also it's also it's also it's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena host Athena host Athena host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do how do how do how do you call on sucked a lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not do not do not do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about it's about it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the as the as the as the father has loved me. So have I Loved You Now remain in my love. If you if you if you if you keep my commands, you will remain in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up guys today? We have we have we have we have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just playing I'm doing good. What are what are what are what are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead. And anyways, and anyways, and anyways, and anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So today's so today's so today's so today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user another user another user another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can you can you can you can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said jesus said jesus said jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I but I but I but I say this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need I need I need I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we today we today we today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once and once and once and once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is this is this is this is too good to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're really we're really we're really we're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more for more for more for more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the it's the it's the it's the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't I don't I don't I don't know about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give yeah, give yeah, give yeah, give me something give me something to work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want I want I want I want to start with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast. I hope I hope I hope I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time messy. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova then Tova then Tova then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were there were there were there were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found they found they found they found will tell you how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it sometimes it sometimes it sometimes it takes years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator agator agator agator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was brew was brew was brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have we have we have we have a stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode this episode this episode this episode is being brought to you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in one place. So, please so, please so, please so, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's and it's and it's and it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall. See if see if see if see if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can you can you can you can also join our Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich so rich so rich so rich characters starting so you know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is vector is vector is vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it. I know I know I know I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought I thought I thought I thought the voice of God special guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben yeah, Ben yeah, Ben yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick so stick so stick so stick around when I was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old. I was I was I was I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of Legends of runeterra. This episode this episode this episode this episode is supported by listeners like you to become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with and with and with and with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so you so you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you did you did you did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the new baby. I figured I figured I figured I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope I hope I hope I hope you enjoy the most Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from arango from arango from arango from the American Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't I don't I don't I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the in the in the in the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, it was, it was, it was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need I need I need I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Lean podcast this week. So there so there so there so there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They will return next week. So it's so it's so it's so it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the and the and the and the reason for this strict back podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do yeah, do yeah, do yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were we were we were we were just recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours for hours for hours for hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to nice to nice to nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play vplay vplay vplay from the New Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use I use I use I use Q-tips all the time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no there's no there's no there's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get it out. You want you want you want you want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you now you now you now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting down the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event today's event today's event today's event comes to us from 1992. When the when the when the when the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here. Day to day to day to day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly he clearly he clearly he clearly declares some 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is there is there is there is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if but if but if but if they were just what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want I want I want I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called it's called it's called it's called ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have I have I have I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is what is what is what is it about this book? That just gets it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with so with so with so with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches she teaches she teaches she teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like it's like it's like it's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you can you can you can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have I have I have I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we are we are we are we truly believe that the best of you are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what joe what joe what joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will I will I will I will be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a store. I've always I've always I've always I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want I want I want I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the in the in the in the last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks coming to you live. If you if you if you if you don't know the drill you sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace that's Grace that's Grace that's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you so you so you so you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that and that and that and that number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there but there but there but there was one man on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you so you so you so you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is this is this is this is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below. Thank you thank you thank you thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this so this so this so this happened to me years ago to the details may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name my name my name my name is Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, the okay, the okay, the okay, the basic structure. Is that is that is that is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, hi there, hi there, hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on this podcast as well. If you're if you're if you're if you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per ounce in February. This is this is this is this is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was I was I was I was wondering when the guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to the molars in the back three. Today we're today we're today we're today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew she grew she grew she grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless you. My scripture my scripture my scripture my scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon this sermon this sermon this sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're if you're if you're if you're interested in interacting with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually I actually I actually I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're if you're if you're if you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar amy Klobuchar amy Klobuchar amy Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean I mean I mean I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks podcast. I am I am I am I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're if you're if you're if you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for and for and for and for two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so aligned and the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we when we when we when we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today so today so today so today we have TNT Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a it's a it's a it's a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, you keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so well, so well, so well, so what we're going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are we are we are we are back with a brand new episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is it is it is it is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time it's time it's time it's time to talk about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest the easiest the easiest the easiest way to make a podcast that is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can you can you can you can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 in 1943 in 1943 in 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime. Pearl was pearl was pearl was pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania is tasmania is tasmania is tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you tony you tony you tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can anyone can anyone can anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it of it of it of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well didn't well didn't well didn't well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good it's good it's good it's good to just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so you so you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you if you if you if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have I have I have I have had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few reasons. One of one of one of one of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must it must it must it must have been your imagination. Suddenly. You feel you feel you feel you feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick let's pick let's pick let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days that you can make it and days. You just you just you just you just can't make it. And that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's then there's then there's then there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to fM to fM to fM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century BCE. So how so how so how so how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this so this so this so this app take talk has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this is this is this is this song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the bad editing in places. I've done I've done I've done I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around the around the around the around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the finally the finally the finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably it's probably it's probably it's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I did I did I did I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need you need you need you need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app anchor app anchor app anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name my name my name my name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I think I think I think I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for not for not for not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show for you. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking about the news from the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this week's episode. We are we are we are we are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be we have week one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has how has how has how has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was that was that was that was pretty cool. We got we got we got we got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can you can you can you can record edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will it will it will it will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's so here's so here's so here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school one from 1976. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm particularly excited about this one. It was it was it was it was one of my mother's favorite. So I so I so I so I think it was one of the first ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat let's chat let's chat let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And it and it and it and it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a it's a it's a it's a really fascinating episode that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July on July on July on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not best friends forever. I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do why do why do why do I like this? What do what do what do what do I do? We doing this you are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like he's like he's like he's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right all right all right all right was listening that I've got puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's actually, it's actually, it's actually, it's quite the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and me and me and me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two three two three two three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason no reason no reason no reason is better than any other to be honest. We want we want we want we want a wide variety of people. So make so make so make so make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to soba is dull soap is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We want we want we want we want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am I am I am I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't this isn't this isn't this isn't the third episode of the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most importantly. I want I want I want I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is this is this is this is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used I used I used I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use we use we use we use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go so go so go so go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a that's a that's a that's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the first shot. I say I say I say I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going what's going what's going what's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a there's a there's a there's a lot of a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is it is it is it is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here with Chris. How are how are how are how are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked. I actually I actually I actually I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, yeah well, yeah well, yeah well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just want just want just want just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good well, good well, good well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going we're going we're going we're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got we've got we've got we've got shishkin at five to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so bit, so bit, so bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week and every day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in the media. I believe I believe I believe I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going to get into a bunch of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on we're on we're on we're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is this is this is this is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a in a in a in a Las Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also but also but also but also quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an he's an he's an he's an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is this is this is this is your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest the guest the guest the guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone and someone and someone and someone I have followed on social media for a long while now. I'd actually I'd actually I'd actually I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst now whilst now whilst now whilst I was training for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I was I was I was I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Soo, I'm Soo, I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have probably have probably have probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like it's like it's like it's like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like I like I like I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children and your partner. We are we are we are we are going to give you tips and strategies to create peace and authenticity within your family. This is this is this is this is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have I have I have I have a high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear I hear I hear I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is this is this is this is going to freak me out. He's like, he's like, he's like, he's like, oh thank God. You're not a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger the icing over another company. Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this week. We are we are we are we are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they are they are they are they hot or are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence my existence my existence my existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see we'll see we'll see we'll see them some of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is this is this is this is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We normally we normally we normally we normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend. We're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you if you if you if you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was this was this was this was the game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo. That was that was that was that was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw we saw we saw we saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me preserve Me preserve Me preserve Me O God for in the do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably I probably I probably I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got we've got we've got we've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is what is what is what is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground. He know me. I had I had I had I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? Well, I well, I well, I well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now and now and now and now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta you gotta you gotta you gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's so it's so it's so it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is this is this is this is the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's so there's so there's so there's a bit of a myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you. With me with me with me with me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just but just but just but just it's weird being sick and trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are so are so are so are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of what they would like and as a man this is important to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not and not and not and not only that if you want to become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this week. Only us only us only us only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good I'm good I'm good I'm good feels a bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself so myself so myself so myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ready is ready is ready is ever you ready? All right, so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 9:7 3 9:7 3 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were there were there were there were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison and 34 years later. He got he got he got he got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going it's going it's going it's going to IAM impromptu, they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have we have we have we have another official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So you so you so you so you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am I am I am I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I agora I agora I agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a while? Yeah, very yeah, very yeah, very yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do we do we do we do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't you don't you don't you don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all we all we all we all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this and this and this and this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you hope you hope you hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was it was it was it was only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope I hope I hope I hope it doesn't do that. I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of none of none of none of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also I'm also I'm also I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was I was I was I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, you bro, you bro, you bro, you know what? I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor. Why do why do why do why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions obviously resolutions obviously resolutions obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am I am I am I am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I was I was I was I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. So if so if so if so if you want to start a podcast, but not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no there's no there's no there's no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will gE will gE will gE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have I have I have I have not found that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is this is this is this is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money. But not but not but not but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about it's about it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports the sports the sports the sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson by day. I invest I invest I invest I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello boards hello boards hello boards hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports the sports the sports the sports card Market is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have we have we have we have a wonderful guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say rough game yesterday. It was it was it was it was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it try it try it try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, salute up, salute up, salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll be you'll be you'll be you'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning good morning good morning good morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do that. But remember but remember but remember but remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology love Theology love Theology love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's so it's so it's so it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you today. It's very special. We we we we we we we we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to do some things that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles and ground them in modern science. My name my name my name my name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for estheticians. And those and those and those and those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes what makes what makes what makes you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society. I am I am I am I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where now where now where now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government the government the government the government has thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So make so make so make so make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in hat. Get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was this was this was this was a rumor that was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us let us let us let us know what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here right here right here right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your get your get your get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli its Eli its Eli its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a it's a it's a it's a cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is today is today is today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been we've been we've been we've been going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses. Just let's just let's just let's just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch we watch we watch we watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and yes and yes and yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you really Sonu. I know I know I know I know and I know there's some I love okay so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is paul is paul is paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely made on. My phone my phone my phone my phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? What up? And Spenny and Spenny and Spenny and Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them. Anyway, when anyway, when anyway, when anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has he has he has he has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. And if and if and if and if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for this week's episode. Us Odes us Odes us Odes us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you thank you thank you thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to know an answer that you like. So beat so beat so beat so beat the drum of it just to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me every time? Now that's now that's now that's now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another it's another it's another it's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background so background so background so background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was it was it was it was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built it's built it's built it's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart they're smart they're smart they're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley dr. Bradley is here to help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really I really I really I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah. I had I had I had I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then he's then he's then he's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too hot. I came I came I came I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's been it's been it's been it's been a long time coming. We've been we've been we've been we've been saying we're going to do it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you but you but you but you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much nothing much nothing much nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you how you how you how you doing today? - oh -oh -oh -oh for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am I am I am I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have we have we have we have a number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all these all these all these all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am I am I am I am your host pain Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here soon. But first but first but first but first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? Good good, good good, good good, good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you thank you thank you thank you so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was I was I was I was in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a there's a there's a there's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am I am I am I am joined by Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute power. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you everything you everything you everything you need to make podcast in one place. You start you start you start you start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your do your do your do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms again. It was it was it was it was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally they literally they literally they literally do it. All I can't think of a better place to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing again playing again playing again playing the game yet. I and I and I and I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd thought I'd thought I'd thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have we have we have we have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are we are we are we are a fitness based community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get right into it. The why the why the why the why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am I am I am I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as well. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you if you if you if you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know? Yeah, just yeah, just yeah, just yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either well, either well, either well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what that's what that's what that's what I said. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had he had he had he had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all we're all we're all we're all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got we got we got we got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried I tried I tried I tried all we can to kind of maintain my West Coast time. So I so I so I so I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on what's on what's on what's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should they should they should they should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Ed Makai time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a whereas a whereas a whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We are celebrating women. I'll is I'll is I'll is I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy has Amy has Amy has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in and in and in and in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we want to do at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're if you're if you're if you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you could you could you could you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March the 13th. We will we will we will we will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please so please so please so please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there is there is there is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say thank you. Jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it how's it how's it how's it going guys? I'm doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a what a what a what a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first so first so first so first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you are you are you are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, so I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode. We are we are we are we are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also we also we also we also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're well today. Do you do you do you do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that. I think I think I think I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you your instinct says right. I need I need I need I need to move away from this. I don't I don't I don't I don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things that nature. I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got we got we got we got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you if you if you if you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God. And that and that and that and that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart my heart my heart my heart behind this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's the how's the how's the how's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social media. What's their apart? You're going you're going you're going you're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week. I went I went I went I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time this time this time this time I've invited Matt angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like so like so like so like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a have a have a have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the it's the it's the it's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to go to go to go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks. They were they were they were they were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw I saw I saw I saw him do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like we're like we're like we're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told the coach. I got I got I got I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my time. You can't see me yet. But the but the but the but the last thing you'll ever see is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I don't even know how to start. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for quite some time. But once but once but once but once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to this show. We do we do we do we do a kind of Action to his work an overview of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the last 40 years. And the and the and the and the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something which is a tough profession. We all we all we all we all had our you know, older brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all you all you all you all had somebody with a when we go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was it was it was it was interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's good it's good it's good it's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought I thought I thought I thought you might. You bet you bet you bet you bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great the great the great the great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so grateful to welcome you to another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you. And today and today and today and today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host I'm host I'm host I'm host Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do please do please do please do head over to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would it would it would it would be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are they are they are they are far from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the that's the that's the that's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able to see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they've been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members this year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect on reflect on reflect on reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of and of and of and of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal people. Or and or and or and or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't we wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without so without so without so without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand new episode next week. But if but if but if but if you need something to tide you over until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question in the episode? You're about you're about you're about you're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts of the world. If you if you if you if you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is this is this is this is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means that means that means that means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to my first podcast. My first my first my first my first guest is going to be my home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be let's be let's be let's be real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is she is she is she is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story short story short story short story they kind of lost. She took she took she took she took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I like I like I like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So today so today so today so today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential. Pets and pets and pets and pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is jacques is jacques is jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry his angry his angry his angry speech was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM translating eRM translating eRM translating eRM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm bringing you the first official episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a it's a it's a it's a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you thank you thank you thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is this is this is this is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show me a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going to find him. I believe I believe I believe I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor use anchor use anchor use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please and please and please and please check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is everything is everything is everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank you. I've always I've always I've always I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't got my headphones and that is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are we are we are we are all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team you are in? Stop with stop with stop with stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check y'all check y'all check y'all check it out. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I like I like I like I used to kind of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is it is it is it is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I have truly wanted to do this. God has god has god has god has put it down in my spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are breakups are breakups are breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of some of some of some of you don't some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then and then and then and then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was I was I was I was out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so feels so feels so feels so good and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right like right like right like right when you've endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're just they're just they're just they're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you do you do you do you love horror? Do you do you do you do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course of course of course of course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's a there's a there's a there's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need you'll need you'll need you'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, if you were listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the what's the what's the what's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know about it? You are you are you are you are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we when we when we when we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 acts 2 acts 2 acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak to speak to speak to speak in other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th march 7th march 7th march 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to show you through my own experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 in 228 in 228 in 228 Kayla and I have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. I'm Ben I'm Ben I'm Ben I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope our hope our hope our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can I can I can I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many how many how many how many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I think I think I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me explain number one. It's free. It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need you need you need you need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following the following the following the following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for it's for it's for it's for sitting that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking stop walking stop walking stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was I was I was I was by your boy Mac. Now you now you now you now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a she's a she's a she's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm Abby I'm Abby I'm Abby I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can and can and can and can you tell us a dad joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first her first her first her first word was Data I tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium no premium no premium no premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if and if and if and if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of them out there. But me but me but me but me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the appreciate the appreciate the appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I well, I well, I well, I understand from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of comes of comes of comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I guess we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the just the just the just the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think I think I think I think it's pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't I don't I don't I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter no matter no matter no matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am I am I am I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all we all we all we all know about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is this is this is this is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt we felt we felt we felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we once we once we once we finished recording an entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we so we so we so we put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll let's roll let's roll let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is this is this is this is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't so don't so don't so don't miss out on your chance of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So I so I so I so I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we absolutely love love love it. Love it love it love it love it Robert tell the people I anchor so great one. It's free it's free it's free it's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast it cast it cast it cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short and on top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's so it's so it's so it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's free and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am I am I am I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do wow, do wow, do wow, do we have a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The draft the draft the draft the draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if what if what if what if she sees us watching we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't recognize you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have been asleep by now. His mother his mother his mother his mother had warned him. His sister's his sister's his sister's his sister's nursemaid had warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come out of the cow. They died they died they died they died a white because there's pus and blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good smells good smells good smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally free just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can you can you can you can make it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from nothing from nothing from nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could louis could louis could louis could be the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you how you how you how you doing, my friend? Brett I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to come on that in a moment. But first but first but first but first let's settle in with the sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up guys? This is this is this is this is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right all right all right all right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is this is this is this is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope I hope I hope I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you for joining us really? So I so I so I so I let me give our listeners are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I so I so I so I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if and if and if and if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then and then and then and then also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you. You can you can you can you can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So like so like so like so like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just it's just it's just it's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're if you're if you're if you're back hello and welcome back Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a he's a he's a he's a little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And this and this and this and this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province. We want we want we want we want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode another episode another episode another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior its Behavior its Behavior its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now so now so now so now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I well, I well, I well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show the show the show the show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has it has it has it has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I if I if I if I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this so this so this so this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first our first our first our first heroic woman lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is empress is empress is empress is another way of saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled she ruled she ruled she ruled over ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in a questionable admission. If you if you if you if you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird. I normally I normally I normally I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on first off. So we so we so we so we all like to get a bit of an insight into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you if you if you if you want to learn a little bit about my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can you can you can you can follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so you so you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done haven't done haven't done haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make also, make also, make also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you and you and you and you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much easier. It is it is it is it is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean I mean I mean I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are how are how are how are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think I think I think I think it's somewhat long overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes and athletes and athletes and athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded people deluded people deluded people deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to be doing this. I mean I mean I mean I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if so if so if so if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you then you then you then you might as well start. Do I need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I believe I believe I believe I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first sponsor. Our first our first our first our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have they have they have they have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you thank you thank you thank you very much and were small but we're we're good. We're happy we're happy we're happy we're happy and as I always say to people I do this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before but before but before but before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically so basically so basically so basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing like organizing like organizing like organizing and like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this and this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other words. What are the things? What are what are what are what are the triggers? What are the things that women like about us guys? So what so what so what so what kind of behavior is it that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we obviously, we obviously, we obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the end goal is to make money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say just say just say just say thank you was the voice of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or no after my nap. What do what do what do what do you mean if you're an app you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your now your now your now your host the man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have we have we have we have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're so we're so we're so we're going to have some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is he is he is he is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're again, you're again, you're again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal gold medal gold medal gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent they sent they sent they sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very it's very it's very it's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in so in so in so in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got they got they got they got you covered and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want I want I want I want to take a second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act first act first act first act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got we've got we've got we've got a whole bunch of stories to take care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, all right, all right, all right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you thank you thank you thank you so much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but me because my heart is full. I'm way I'm way I'm way I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get I get I get I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the well the well the well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes what makes what makes what makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in ein ein ein the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and truth and truth and truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block leaves off. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before hey before hey before hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been I've been I've been I've been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely it's absolutely it's absolutely it's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So I've so I've so I've so I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank so thank so thank so thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is this is this is this is a podcast from expat International today. We will we will we will we will be talking about child sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I likes I likes I likes I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not it's not it's not it's not a big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name my name my name my name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you hello you hello you hello you have returned. This is this is this is this is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always it always it always it always takes me a really long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can be like, excuse me. Where's the where's the where's the where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend afriend afriend afriend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of life and so are her kids. I love I love I love I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was hey was hey was hey was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download you download you download you download distro TV stir TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if and if and if and if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin. I will I will I will I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything with everything with everything with everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game against Georgia State. This kid this kid this kid this kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be so be so be so be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I so I so I so I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the so the so the so the man gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 episode 71 episode 71 episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already had FX in the region but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to free to free to free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how was the weekend? It was it was it was it was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple the simple the simple the simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all we all we all we all call home regardless. Of our current health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you if you if you if you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile device or computer. They have they have they have they have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly Scheib. For those for those for those for those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from yes from yes from yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found he found he found he found out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are. It will it will it will it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how that's how that's how that's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that and that and that and that ain't you you better than that. It's about it's about it's about it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to it's to it's to it's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your how's your how's your how's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were they were they were they were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer the layer the layer the layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and re and re and re and you can hear many of those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want to be your Canary. There's a there's a there's a there's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time. I love I love I love I love cast Edition. Yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we so we so we so we had to put our project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is this is this is this is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is what is what is what is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you thank you thank you thank you for joining us. Don't forget don't forget don't forget don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's what that's what that's what that's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and he'll and he'll and he'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was I was I was I was driving to visit a friend while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car. My current my current my current my current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is this is this is this is by far anchors the best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can you can you can you can put it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used I've used I've used I've used other platforms, and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's so here's so here's so here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a special term. It's called metamour. That is that is that is that is the special word for your partner's partner. So your so your so your so your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode this episode this episode this episode is all things travel during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You got you got you got you got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did how did how did how did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance well romance well romance well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are we are we are we are here at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do we do we do we do it everyday though. Sometimes eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again. And it's and it's and it's and it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not I've not I've not I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a fucking week late. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was it was it was it was just a lot of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I see in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my name is Stacy. We're twin we're twin we're twin we're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for your intro on the snap. It's there it's there it's there it's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode this episode this episode this episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges she urges she urges she urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might you might you might you might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all we all we all we all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special edna special edna special edna special as always you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And today and today and today and today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're also going to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think I think I think I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is it is it is it is Nurse key. And as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't do this without you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have I'll have I'll have I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's so today's so today's so today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around the house. And so if you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we go. So today so today so today so today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here we go. My favorite my favorite my favorite my favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's so he's so he's so he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, that was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having me. No worries at all. It's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a pleasure. Come and come and come and come and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here it's here it's here it's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys you guys you guys you guys are super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So fucking much. We love you. We love we love we love we love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March 5th. You can you can you can you can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma from Yuma from Yuma from Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how so how so how so how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you thank you thank you thank you very much for having me alone. We were we were we were we were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were on the road. It was it was it was it was on a phone in or do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also she's Also she's Also she's Also working on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start the gradient. And what and what and what and what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started I started I started I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on some humans. There would there would there would there would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up wash up wash up wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is mark is mark is mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to get them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is he is he is he is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you if you if you if you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download base download base download base download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast. So a so a so a so a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple different options you have and then let you know what I do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did I did I did I did two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am I am I am I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can you can you can you can make money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last the last the last the last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I so I so I so I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun and it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I have I have I have I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't we don't we don't we don't have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live with him right now. And this and this and this and this is what you're going to be hearing. So if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an embargo episode today. This has this has this has this has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium so premium so premium so premium Leisure Corp. I think I think I think I think the discussion at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know we know we know we know that in the United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I as I as I as I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where so, where so, where so, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with Hunter all conus. And today and today and today and today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you are you are you are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He was he was he was he was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take please take please take please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is this is this is this is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to the podcast. I am I am I am I am super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a she's a she's a she's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts. I just I just I just I just want to give a quick announcement. So the so the so the so the title of this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've so we've so we've so we've got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let me let me let me let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there he's there he's there he's there on the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then make sure to stay all the way to the end because I just started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you want to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured he's figured he's figured he's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the she's the she's the she's the wife to a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is this is this is this is Bryson and I'm here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel I feel I feel I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and together. We are we are we are we are the witch and the medium. Life's full life's full life's full life's full of tough choices in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? How do we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has it has it has it has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have I have I have I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also you also you also you also need to make use of it. If you if you if you if you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have I have I have I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really I really I really I really hope you enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views the views the views the views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know I know I know I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been I've been I've been I've been running for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels all across the country. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am I am I am I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today. It's a it's a it's a it's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me let me let me let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire life. That there's that there's that there's that there's something wrong with this world. You don't you don't you don't you don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in so in so in so in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute like nine years. I know I know I know I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always I'm always I'm always I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say I did not that bad. But what but what but what but what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were you were you were you were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can merge is for you to come with us in other words because we're not going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives. And there and there and there and there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking just thinking just thinking just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you have you have you have you seen that show love is blind. I have I have I have I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking about that next. But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all it's all it's all it's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So today so today so today so today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by considered by considered by considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you if you if you if you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals spotify Originals spotify Originals spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled so skilled so skilled so skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night the night the night the night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go let's go let's go let's go beyond reality. We got we got we got we got a great show tonight. I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes she believes she believes she believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported I reported I reported I reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check so check so check so check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do we'll do we'll do we'll do it next time but before all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not no, not no, not no, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the download the download the download the free anchor app or go to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring I'm pouring I'm pouring I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I so I so I so I have a text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his for his for his for his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about anchor it's free. This is this is this is this is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is this is this is this is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me let me let me let me just ask you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to this. You already know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't I don't I don't I don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running it's running it's running it's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind of like dating preferences. So hey, so hey, so hey, so hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with a Brielle. That's how that's how that's how that's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there is there is there is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real real thing. You know, you know, you know, you know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she yeah, she yeah, she yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play I'm play I'm play I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my so my so my so my first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I almost I almost I almost I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to adulting. Let me know if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope I hope I hope I hope you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here's what to do. If you're if you're if you're if you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was irritated. She didn't she didn't she didn't she didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's anyways, Jeff's anyways, Jeff's anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is he is he is he is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is this is this is this is not a podcast about cats. It is it is it is it is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not yet guaranteed. And there and there and there and there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let so let so let so let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely it's completely it's completely it's completely free to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor do anchor do anchor do anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so and so and so and so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God through Christ. Jesus our jesus our jesus our jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is it is it is it is the first of the month today and which I really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the thank the thank the thank the Lord you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for the good week. We've been we've been we've been we've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first so first so first so first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer the summer the summer the summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My name my name my name my name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is Ecommerce businesses. How do how do how do how do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad just glad just glad just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 probably 20 probably 20 probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you and I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce to you the love below. This is this is this is this is our new podcast. It's an idea that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it a reality now. Yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are how are how are how are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I think I think I think I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are how are how are how are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not we're not we're not we're not actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular I'm not famous. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot come near me. I am I am I am I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have put up the old and put on the new I have been given and it's been given to me. I have I have I have I have no lack for my God shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another it's another it's another it's another film study. I hope I hope I hope I hope you guys have been enjoying all the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals. Like how like how like how like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited that. We got we got we got we got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is today is today is today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today and today and today and today I'm covering the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things. I read I read I read I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote I devote I devote I devote episodes to answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a here's a here's a here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what here's what here's what here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've so you've so you've so you've done what a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up what's up what's up what's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story the Story the Story the Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke dawn broke dawn broke dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've well I've well I've well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely I've definitely I've definitely I've definitely not as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers so fingers so fingers so fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally and normally and normally and normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had just had just had just had a long day at work. Now. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering we're covering we're covering we're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme the Supreme the Supreme the Supreme Court of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to due to due to due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do you do you do you do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going what's going what's going what's going on buddy? It's going on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, I suppose, I suppose, I suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an article go. Hmm But hmm But hmm But hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to speak to speak to speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also it's also it's also it's also a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the orig the orig the orig the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you thank you thank you thank you guys for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are there are there are there are times that I look over this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is this is this is this is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very well. What an what an what an what an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official it's official it's official it's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is this is this is this is a podcast about the division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am I am I am I am Bond diesel. I do I do I do I do division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may you may you may you may actually know the meaning of this word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun. My name my name my name my name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 at a cabbie. They choose they choose they choose they choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek please seek please seek please seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Alex Bowers and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've so we've so we've so we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak about and so my question for you just to get right into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There are there are there are there are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically that's basically that's basically that's basically your mother listen to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on we're on we're on we're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to choosing to choosing to choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is when did disability become so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also and also and also and also the way that the World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin show. So I so I so I so I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew gene stew gene stew gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we so we so we so we are back in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not do not do not do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of the time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may it may it may it may not be suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about sex with an adult. It's not it's not it's not it's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to them. This is this is this is this is a public service announcement from 1984. It was it was it was it was made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have we have we have we have myself Joakim at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will we will we will we will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just it's just it's just it's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering we're covering we're covering we're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we run UK salon owners today. We're here we're here we're here we're here to give you a first episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are we are we are we are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I will start with my first two because these are the these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day. I get I get I get I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic today's heroic today's heroic today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing switcher brushing switcher brushing switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is he is he is he is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just I just I just I just wanted to say that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has everyone has everyone has everyone has been amazing with the comments with the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the 1081 the 1081 the 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So a so a so a so a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not really sure but I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move hey move hey move hey move dirt that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks well, thanks well, thanks well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks okay, folks enjoy this episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get pet get pet get pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's how good's how good's how good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once again. We're on we're on we're on we're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop just keep going. Hey want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we it's we it's we it's we started this and we were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose its rose its rose its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the download the download the download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of some of some of some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here yeah, here yeah, here yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is this is this is this is episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You can't you can't you can't you can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want I want I want I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this one. If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought I thought I thought I thought this episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start running after him. But anyway, but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up wash up wash up wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably I've probably I've probably I've probably been there done that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught they taught they taught they taught you how to add and subtract numbers. That's how that's how that's how that's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real yeah real yeah real yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs now today. We have we have we have we have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been I've been I've been I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone had someone had someone had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2. First of first of first of first of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And I and I and I and I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those all those all those all those cards have gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have we have we have we have a we have g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to man to man to man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why that's why that's why that's why we use it. There's a there's a there's a there's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're so you're so you're so you're probably why I asking like what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode this episode this episode this episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can also do this in a seated position. If you if you if you if you are sitting you want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of War. This is this is this is this is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? This was this was this was this was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with anything. I am I am I am I am amazed by her constantly. So it's so it's so it's so it's like Laura knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel I feel I feel I feel so loved also lures the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to yes to yes to yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why we think they're important. But before but before but before but before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when yeah, when yeah, when yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've got they've got they've got they've got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was it was it was it was an entire to do you had to know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short favor. If you're if you're if you're if you're interested in either of the two books that I have written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books there. You can you can you can you can learn about both books one of which is free and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't I don't I don't I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two you're two you're two you're two years old. And I love you. This is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody hi everybody hi everybody hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun to speculate. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes well, yes well, yes well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is this is this is this is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to you to you to you to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom I'm Dom I'm Dom I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so and so and so and so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need they need they need they need to live with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when we mean them have a listen. So if so if so if so if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is this Is this Is this Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am I am I am I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been I've been I've been I've been guided to create this meditation to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this okay, this okay, this okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't I don't I don't I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love I love I love I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a he's a he's a he's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk about the coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're so we're so we're so we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about the anchor app. If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, there's also, there's also, there's also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is this is this is this is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet let's meet let's meet let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's my name's my name's my name's Jordan Harper and join with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's so it's so it's so it's pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets it gets it gets it gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses. But today but today but today but today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like Darkness. And just and just and just and just trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I also have inside. We all we all we all we all go through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he likes to get up really early. But today's but today's but today's but today's a little bit different. I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let please let please let please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want I want I want I want to talk to you about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music Joe. We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please so please so please so please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are you are you are you are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first my first my first my first of all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of out of out of out of the day that died. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been a fucking idiot. That's what that's what that's what that's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today and today and today and today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses and a-levels. So I so I so I so I have some days where I meant to be in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren mr. Toren mr. Toren mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped right in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is this is this is this is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't I don't I don't I don't know why I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing so so well show start brushing on the top of your your your your mouth on one side, but don't like like like brush too hard. Do we? It's heroines heroines heroines heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week and every day will be talking about different different different different uh well uh heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti kuti kuti kuti Yoon, one of well like like the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient ancient ancient ancient times there was a um like well kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Mongol Mongol Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called well you know uh the cons cons cons cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, you know so so so so you know real good form before we get to talking about anything and and and and everything to okay okay well do with golf shafts. I got to give a big big big big thank you to the man on you know you know I mean the phone. His His His His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing okay so so so so so Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I I I I know so um I mean Don that you have a lot of product not just just just just in the Gulf side, but well you know um true also has what a Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am um so like I correct correct correct correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So you you you you know well well true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until until until until about the middle like I mean uh of last year and then you you you you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse I lacrosse I lacrosse I lacrosse division so so so so so you know are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made made made made sense for uh okay um the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to to to to True Temper sports or to Templars well okay I mean were really just our golf division division division division. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to the jewels fine fine fine fine course. I'm joined by two thousand uh you know you know nine playoff winner and former former former former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast um so I mean mean mean mean been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last last last last Co-op view you've you know well um gone from 3/4 it goes to, you you you you know been very rare. You're not been on the I mean you know I mean scoresheet scoresheet scoresheet scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few ways ready ready ready ready um uh okay to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're okay okay okay okay like you know counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past past past past 31 years today. We're looking uh like uh back to April 30th 1993 1993 1993 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only I mean uh so so so so two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the the the the Hamburg open okay I mean well or opponent. Steffi. Graf would graf would would would would graf would graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan fan fan fan um okay well with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for for for for more shocking okay well um sports events from history tune in right here every day to to to to our March Madness um you know okay special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you you you you get your podcast. April 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th 1993 the you know know know know so um quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to welcome to pardon my snark okay okay I mean the podcast where a girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and you know uh um um um um for some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are are are are shifting so I mean uh a little bit. We are going to obviously still be be be be talking about Caroline, but we're like like uh going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with I I I I mean I mean you know pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know know know know about this episode is I've you know so so opened up the line. So So So So at any stage, you may get a call from like I mean well a listener, listener, listener, listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing you know know know know okay you know answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So So So So you guys are okay um uh swept that is this If is this the the the the quad point is this or uh uh like we getting cold. I feel I feel I I I I feel I feel like this - I think this has the makings okay so so so so um of a stitch-up. Do you do you do you do you always wanted to to to to louder into the mind? It's just a I mean well okay chapel just as as as as you just smack it down six months because I it's been like uh okay nagging us us us us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's well so so so so so get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time time time time like well so before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I think I like like like think duration work work work work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how like you know know know know okay to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get get get get me so well uh wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we we we we never usually talk I mean I mean uh about exercise on the show, but but but but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a okay so uh huge huge huge huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but so so so so like you know there's not too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've we've we've we've got a great um well you know how to start your dog dog dog dog on Raw e-book on our website that you um um I mean can buy buy buy buy. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and so uh you know know know know then we're big on engagement games or big on training, but we're really big I mean mean mean mean well like as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as so as as as as so as so as a pet dog trainer most so okay you know of of of of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must you must you must you must tell me all your secrets. Remember Remember Remember Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and like like like like uh okay gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see see see see cats, you know uh like but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For For For For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat kill well like okay kill wild wild wild wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this on this on this on this week's episode of the show show show show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone uh uh so who is heavily influenced influenced influenced influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium um well like. Odium at at at at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up up up up the signature model. Yo the yo the yo the yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm going back and forth. I'm trying well I mean I mean to think of of of of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating uh uh uh uh uh like a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife wife wife wife. It's well like I mean because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, Yep, Yep, Yep, you heard it here uh I mean well water pouring in a glass. What's up up up up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how uh um so we're going to start this pod pod pod pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank uh like so. We we we we we we we we we we we just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? motherfuckers motherfuckers motherfuckers so like so I'm on one. Yeah. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's that's that's that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this okay um like episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may may may may find offensive you know so okay. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was like I mean uh a good day for fishing though though though though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming uh um I mean rain snow snow snow snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It uh uh uh uh uh I mean was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone Alone Alone Alone angler stood okay uh um in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to to to to drop his line as uh I mean like his gaze traveled down the river river river river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath like so uh the surface something large large large large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this this this this episode like okay like is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually actually actually actually played a huge part in the uh so you know human trafficking that we see in in in in America today. So we're actually going to be speaking well uh uh about how how how how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has infiltrated so so so so uh um the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We We We We are going to um you know you know give you some facts about this this this this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where uh well so we give give give give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is okay I I I I mean like the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and and and and let you I mean you know um know that it's completely free. There's these creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to salvage our I'm your host host host host LC along with two of my closest friends you know um so Jay and Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that are to so so so so so uh do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where we sit sit sit sit well I mean okay with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of of of of going from like well uh said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and and and and I roll around the ideas okay I mean like. We have about relationship to to to to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah so I mean well. It's kind kind kind kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through and um so so so so so learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in that that that that so okay okay incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life life life life. It's just you know okay like like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single asingle asingle asingle sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has has has has been I mean like um told I have read that back in the the the the day a massive School of sardines underneath the um I mean well Golden Gate Bridge Bridge Bridge Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough so uh so so so so together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it it it it the uh um um other way tile friends. If you if you if you you you you if you want to change for better in this industry, if okay uh uh you you you you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast is is is is like you know so really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be be be be active Navajo may be I mean okay I mean both active but healthy honking honking honking honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that hair Chirac I mean um like like like like are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly a teacher teacher teacher teacher who showed a total Bachchan Cooper like like uh hottie who was a bad bad bad bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually opco and they say well so okay okay okay okay he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with with with with self-discovery uh um uh self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast podcast podcast podcast series were okay uh so a child with interesting people about their their their their careers and their life and their uh well you know families. I'll be be be be your host every Fortnight. So make so make so make so make sure that that that that you stay um I mean I mean tuned and follow me on on on on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end uh you know know know know like and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So So So So uh so uh so uh so uh um so if you miss a week Weak Weak Weak Weak don't worry. You can you can you can you can always come back. So So So So make you know uh like sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this this this this episode to your friends so you know well your family to anyone who has has has has a need to listen send it to them and uh so okay I'll be more more more more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So so I I I I mean I mean let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And And And And today and today and today and today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you you you you know okay well okay podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going going going going to talk about giving okay well okay up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress progress progress progress. And for peace. I think I think I think I think I mean well well well well so I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that that that that. We are imperfect uh okay like like Just it's The Human Condition. I I I I want you to know that every single person okay so you know on planet Earth Earth Earth Earth is not getting it. All right, all right, all right, all right, they may look look look look like they're I mean uh like getting it right because there's maybe one facet facet facet facet of their life that they're really focused you know like um on and really really really really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like so well well well well uh seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know I know I know I know what you're thinking. It must be be be be so hard to start a um well uh podcast. Well, actually well, actually well, actually well, well, well, well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free okay okay okay okay um so app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need need need need is an um well uh idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording recording recording recording the editing and everything you you know um uh need including music to help help help help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone um I mean mean mean mean you know or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM FM FM FM to get you know okay uh started. In this episode we look at very simple simple simple simple things. You can do well you know like in 5 minutes per day to start start start start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made you you you you know uh so with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for for for for spreading on your uh um okay morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol ol ol ol should be the only subject for like um I mean debate the cream cream cream cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 like okay okay Philadelphia schmear schmear schmear schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today and today and and and and today and today I'm okay um like joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and and and and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor uh okay I mean. Blast the handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten. Thank you thank you thank you thank you note into the fucking Sun not just just just just don't send him like you know well send him off the Earth. What is your your your your problem with a handwritten? Thank you thank you thank you thank you note like um um um um like. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you whatever you whatever you whatever you say say say say cuz I love them a okay you know uh lot of this is about about about about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the it's the it's the it's the host of from Mount Mount Mount Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple do see you okay okay well want to shoot shoot shoot shoot podcasts. You want you want you want you want to talk about some things you you you you want okay you know like to tell some stories. You want you want you want want want want you want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You just want you know I I I I mean well to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is is is is free well I mean like and it's easy to use. You can record while you're you're you're you're at home. You like like um can record on the go. Some Some Some Some of you you travel for work and you travel I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have have have have to do it uh you know you know at home and it's easy to to to to use you just recorded episode you publish um um okay it. It uploads uploads uploads uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and um um um um so uh boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers your morning well well like and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top top top top of your mouth on one side, like I mean so but don't brush too hard hard hard hard. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from so uh like history today. We We We We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan okay um uh who who who who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen Keller and and and and Annie Sullivan lived um uh well a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was was was was blind and deaf I mean you know okay which means she couldn't see or or or or hear her world was dark and quiet Helen's like you know well parents wanted wanted wanted wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she so well I I I I mean couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually so eventually so eventually so eventually video video recordings will will come come come come along for this podcast in case we so okay okay need the visual house is is is is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes uh yes uh uh uh uh yes uh yes uh I mean I mean that specific reason Lots of eye contact contact contact contact it's really too bad. We couldn't well well like have we we can't publish the video video video video of what I'm telling the lotion story because you know well so It's part part part part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% I mean like like like like like of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to I mean mean mean mean I mean uh tell ya but the the it was still funny. I got got got got some messages about that. Yeah, I mean okay like I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 197 197 197 for the week of March 2nd I mean you know um 2020. The optional optional optional optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video like I mean okay okay okay okay games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and and and and you know like uh satellites all around the world and right into a listening device device device device of choice. As so like well always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we we we we got to change the copy but um um um what my one and only only only only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in the house you know uh uh uh uh um. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to to to to chase you guys that was uh well um a really good episode. Yeah, man man man man. Thanks to chase again for yeah step in there so you know okay. It was was was was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber chamber chamber chamber the okay I mean I mean fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was was was was about to be born as he like like um rushed past the Windows. He heard heard heard heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain well uh uh spattering spattering spattering spattering against the glass. He stopped he stopped he stopped he stopped in his his his his tracks the weather reminding him of so I mean so a prophecy. He'd heard years years years years before if you do. Do this evil thing you uh I mean like shall shall shall shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers so I I I I mean okay of blood will flow. The heads the heads the heads the heads of of of of the mighty will fall your cities will I mean well you know be devoured devoured devoured devoured by Flames. He shook he shook he shook he shook his head. He couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't he couldn't he couldn't he couldn't think about those words now his sin well well well well okay like had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out out out out. Thank okay okay like you so much for tuning in listening. We hope hope hope hope you like it. We hope I mean like okay you enjoy it. If you do, do, do, do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to I mean okay like our podcast that will really really really really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're okay we're okay we're we're we're we're okay we're okay like um trying to grow this thing. This first one really is is is is just us talking about some stories going you know um um to get get get get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this this this this like like uh. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to to to to Eric case dude. Thank you know uh uh you so much for the software software software software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple well well okay of weeks weeks weeks weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also forgive I mean like like like like well us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on on on on. We're we're like you know well learning. We're trying to figure out how to to to to edit it and smooth everything out uh like well that's best for your ear ear ear ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the the the the you know well you know easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain guys. So it's free uh okay uh their creation tools that allow you to record record record record and edit the podcast right from your so well you know phone or computer through through through through their app. They will they will they will they will distribute your podcast on anchor anchor anchor anchor so I mean I mean uh that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and any other streaming service you can um so so really imagine you can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership okay you know I mean mean mean mean and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their their their their so like well app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to to to to Anchor dot f m-- like like you know to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to to to to bricks and buckets podcast. We are I mean uh I mean glad and excited excited excited excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having well I mean so so so so a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab uh okay okay okay okay okay today. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded folded folded folded like I mean okay London City Royals and we are we talked about who he he he he thinks is going to um uh uh win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and and and and how it was playing for the Royals and okay well so more. It's another short short short short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well I mean okay I mean mean mean mean that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a well you you you you know so whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening so so so so I mean like to it. But before we get into that, I'm just going going going going to cover. The oh, um I mean uh I'm just going to run give give give give you a rundown of the all the well like I mean games this weekend and and and and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well uh um well. So first first first first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game so okay like like like like 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick well well well well well uh minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about um you know uh anger, it's the easiest way to make a a a a podcast why you ask let me explain okay I mean well it's free free free free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record record record record and edit your you know I mean uh podcast right from your phone or or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay well I mean. So it can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also uh I I I I mean um make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which starship which starship starship starship starship which starship which is pretty huge you um um okay guys it's everything you you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free so so um anchor app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back okay like I mean mean mean mean to the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen listen to like like so all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place place place place for free without a premium account so so okay Spotify has a huge catalogue of of of of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you so uh you know can follow your your your your favorite podcast. So you so you so you so you never miss an episode premium premium premium premium users can download so uh so episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily easily easily easily share what you're listening well um okay to with your friends on Instagram, so so so so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure like well like to download download download download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts like I I I I mean so in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you you you you never okay I mean you know miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is is is is Optimal Health daily episode 949 okay you know well mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way way way way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of I I I I mean I mean um Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization avisualization avisualization avisualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before Before Before Before we begin, please so you know well find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I you you you you know like um get cornered into being the guy who has all the the the the answers. I'd like to take well well you know this opportunity to make a confession confession confession confession. I don't I don't I don't I don't what I do have our convictions convictions convictions convictions you know like like. I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking looking looking looking around and I'm like, we can't uh so okay stay here. Stop setting up your your your your tent. We can't stay here through my journey. It's uh you know you know become evident evident evident evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These These These These like these like these like these like like you know are my confessions. To get to get get get get to get to get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and uh uh uh uh so you know welcome to today's episode. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your host Mike. My Shero. We're going we're going we're going we're going to talk talk talk talk okay you know I mean about Prosperity today you guys before we get into into into into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my hello my hello my hello my True Crime people. Welcome to to to to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I I mean like like am ready to talk about about about about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who has um I mean you you you you know just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if if if if you follow me I mean well um at all then you know, I have said since since since since day one the beginning that she I mean uh um was guilty get. T they they they they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did you know well I mean it it it it. We have we have we have we have been waiting patiently and impatiently for for for for her to finally be brought to well well so justice for what she has has has has done and be arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie when Marnie when Marnie when Marnie and I force are doing doing doing doing our podcast we had nothing to do with uh like like uploading it and and and and putting it online. But now but now but now but now we do it was was was was kind of um you know okay complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all all all all done for us and like okay I mean we went through a few different different different different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which like okay I mean is is is is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools so uh uh uh uh um that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or computer I mean like okay. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it it it it can be heard on Spotify like you know like apple pie. Podcasts all podcasts all podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts all podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast um well um with no minimum listenership. So if so if so if so so so so if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess like I mean I mean mean mean mean what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think well well well well well okay it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload upload upload upload your podcast and so uh uh do not get you money in the process. So it's it's it's it's everything that you need like you know uh to make a podcast in one place place place place download the free anchor app or like so you know go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the well well well well uh okay one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of of of of the 2020s baby so you know I mean had. Height we're height we're we're we're we're height we're height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking talking talking talking I mean well um about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be be be be a unique beast on well uh well confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need need need need that. Well don't literally have Koozies you know okay you know in my nightstand in my my my my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies well um so know know know know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I I I I I mean well you know stole that from Krista, so don't take it there there there there. She'll take it back. I know you know I mean well make sure you give give give give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and well uh like also also also also I have TVs on my counter. I got I got I got I got got got got cookies on my counters, who's uh like I mean they also have random Koozies from from from from like friends weddings that you've gone to I um um I mean dig dig dig dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the so so so so so so wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't don't don't don't know. I uh I mean so just know that when we went to Niki's Niki's Niki's Niki's wedding we did a koozie were like I mean you know who who who who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them so um um um um um half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann Bachmann and we are so um like to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is is is is to provide you with well research in okay uh like sight ideas personal anecdotes anecdotes anecdotes anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work and well like okay love love love love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and everyone else else else else so okay I mean. So in our first episode we kind of just just just just wanted to introduce ourselves because Hayley so well like and I kind of talked talked talked talked about what we want this to look like I mean okay well and we pretty much much much much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen um well okay to to to to me? So we so we so we so we thought this would be be be be a good introduction to kind of who we are well okay uh what kind of of of of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God God God God uh well so. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in in in in um like okay specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I I I I think he's okay. I'll like I'll like I'll like I'll like um you know know know know go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning okay okay okay okay okay okay. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also also also also known so like you know as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast podcast podcast podcast where we read through Saga like uh so one issue at a time. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will uh uh okay we make make make make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this you know well well well well well is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast fast fast fast. How you know well like long how long were you sitting on that one? How How How How long was I sitting on I mean like um the drag come? Yeah. Well, give give give give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey I hey I hey I hey I I I I mean well so Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book book book book. I just looked at well like okay this cover. This is a good book. I I I I love this cover this. You know what? you know well you know No joke, this this this this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U U U U s-- L's uh um I mean Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 2020 2020 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for season uh I mean uh 2 of steal some some some some time. It's like it's like it's like it's like we blinked all of a sudden sudden sudden sudden the 2020 okay um you know season is upon us. We're just days away away away away from opening weekend. How is your off um so like season first and foremost foremost foremost foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked I mean so so so so um out and then woke up and it was like we're about to kick off off off off and um I mean you know I was like, oh good good thing I I I I woke up in time. Then so then so then so then so so you know know know know sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set I set I I I I set I set my alarm. Yeah, and I you know so I mean think think think think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I you you you you know uh um showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like like like like what's happening? This is well well well happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I I I I was just like yeah, we're I mean okay like back in the swing of things things things things. We are we are we are we are good for real back in in in in the swing of well okay okay things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we before we before we before we kick off today's episode of of of of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite favorite artists uh uh so and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium premium premium premium account necessary Spotify has so like uh a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on on every topic including the one you're listening to right so so like now and and and and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can okay okay okay okay so you know share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if if if if you are a premium okay okay I mean user you can download episodes to to to to listen to offline no matter where you are. So I mean uh so so so so if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for for for for okay uh um optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab Tab Tab Tab and give us uh so um a follow. So you never miss miss miss miss an episode speaking of which let's see what um um so we've got on The The The The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I mean well like I wish wish wish wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer trainer trainer trainer well I mean like podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan sigh it and in this so okay so episode we talk about the pyramid pyramid pyramid pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the well um well order order order order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building muscle muscle muscle muscle um okay uh as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is you know well like not a one-take show. This is is is is the first-ever. We were one minute into um so like the podcast and and and and then I realized that we have a little bit of a uh uh like new new new new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations regulations regulations regulations around the well okay uh set up and I realized that I hadn't set set set set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll uh uh uh uh I mean um say this till till I die. You only have the next next next next breath. That's all you have uh uh uh. The current heartbeat and the next next next next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? okay uh I mean Welcome to the Grainger Grainger Grainger Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people watching on YouTube uh um um um um well for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your normal normal normal normal podcast app, uh so okay which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm I'm I'm I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is today is today is today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this this this this day in 1991. 11 year 11 year 11 year 11 year old I mean mean mean mean uh um patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures seizures seizures seizures. He um um like would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit allit allit allit only a few hours later. Welcome to so I mean okay today and true-crime a a a a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes so I mean mean mean mean you know. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under under under under 13. Today. We're discussing um so so Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious notorious notorious notorious female serial killers who was later I mean okay um nicknamed the the the the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back we're we're we're we're back we're back we're back with another episode, 's I'm uh you know so so so so pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to to to to well like uh Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is is is is the power of the internet uh I mean okay and amazing technological breakthrough where you you you you can be in four places at okay well I mean one time. So So So So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is I mean like uh this this this this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into uh uh uh uh um you know that, I want to give a shout out so over the the the the last couple of uh okay you know weeks. I've been running a little bit of of of of a giveaway. So for anyone that I mean I mean like leaves a review on iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will I will I will I I I I will enter them I mean uh uh into a draw to win a a a a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning well I mean okay okay okay okay the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for so okay okay okay okay uh divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their well so so so so like purpose. I am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you you you you know uh you know you find your light and awaken to your truth truth truth truth together. We will like uh well cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories stories stories stories and deeply dive into what it uh you know you know means to be a a a a soul having a human experience. So come so come so come so come on in well okay okay okay okay like and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy energy energy energy emanating uh okay uh through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I I I I am back. So it so it so it so it like okay like has been been been been about a month since my last episode but I went off to like you you you you know like have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement basement basement basement like okay like on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all all all all a chance to skirt. It you know well uh all a money like my last last last last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic cards got so like you know know know know a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the ram ram ram ram in well uh uh the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too too too too fast. Like a uh okay okay Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly cruelly cruelly cruelly assemble a rig like um okay I mean a BP engineer. My friends and family family family family smile is working on make fun of me, but I'm I mean uh so so so so a make them eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire spending spending spending spending so uh well money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear underwear underwear underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin so uh um billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm I'm I'm I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking out my favorite - like uh uh uh uh like like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all all all all my mouth uh I mean so to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls dolls dolls dolls. Did we just I mean you know I mean say that each week? week week week We'll be we'll be we'll be we'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you you you you create some atmosphere I mean well well light some candles turn off the TV TV TV TV you are trying to get in this uh I mean you know ghost pants pants pants pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good okay um like escort escort escort escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all all all all I mean okay okay you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm I'm I'm I'm here I mean you know I mean to talk about my life experiences as as as as a model share my best tips and advices I mean you know you know on how how how how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry um you know know know know um and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be be be be um um I mean talking about who I am how I started modeling and made made made made it my Korean well okay well Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so so so so much for being here and listening uh so I mean to my very first episode. I I I I am so excited. I had been thinking about okay um uh doing a podcast for for for for over a year now and kept pushing it off, so I mean um but but but but I just had to do it Korean situation right now is me and like okay okay okay okay you know my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to to to to you okay you know um by anchor if you don't know about anchor it's it's it's it's the platform that we use to so um uh make all of our podcasts and and and and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh so I mean mean mean mean me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free free free free. There's okay uh you know nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds kinds kinds kinds of creation um um uh tools so that you can record and edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or um you know you know your computer computer computer computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can uh I mean like like like like be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put put put put it you uh I mean uh can make money from your podcast right out the the the the gate. No minimum listenership. You can um well uh start monetizing right away, which is is is is super awesome. It's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally everything that you need like like like like um um to make a podcast all in one place. So download so download so so so so download so download the free anchor app or go you know okay okay to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out like I mean mean mean mean so in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking fucking fucking fucking boring. I'm not doing um um like it. Okay. I just reason with myself like like like like within a week of doing that and then fucking I mean you know uh a hundred hundred hundred hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's well well well well um you know under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick stick stick stick um I mean you know up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband husband husband husband. I think my uncle killed well so well someone in her suicide. I I I I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back so like uh to to to to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have I mean mean mean mean so I mean had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus so so uh of of of of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to okay okay okay okay okay uh hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series series series series okay like so famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes episodes episodes episodes exclusively on Spotify well so so follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, Sir, Sir, Sir, sir? Yes. Yes well you know so. What is what is what is what is is is is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not not not not certain you know like well any man is who he thinks he is. Well, Well, Well, Well, sir, are you not like you know so chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received received received received so much praise. I am it's about uh I mean okay my son phileas. He is is is is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for you you you you know I mean well three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the the the the point of being six uh um you know degrees from everyone if if if if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I so like well have finally finally finally finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best you know I I I I mean well low. I don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran ran ran ran I ran I ran I ran deepest low. We'll I mean so you know kill Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last uh uh uh uh uh you know degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine imagine imagine imagine killing for all I mean um uh those years. He was he was he was was was was he was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, so okay okay okay okay um Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin. You have you know you know um to make this movie Jeff. I need need need need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of of of of I'm not like like like racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're here you know like so with some little special guests guests guests guests and they are going to be joining our conversation you know like um on stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st um well well well well well. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I okay okay okay okay uh um guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And And And And if so, what was it uh you know I mean and yeah I I I I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about about about about okay like okay anchor get it is the easiest way to make make make make a podcast. I want I want I want I want to explain. It's so uh uh uh uh like actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's There's There's There's a so you know so creation tool that allows you to record and edit your your your your podcast right from your you know uh you know phone or your computer if that's that's that's that's how you want to do it. That's not how like like you know we do do do do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So uh okay like like like like it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple that's Apple that's Apple Apple Apple Apple that's Apple podcast Stitcher many many okay uh you know more and you can make make make make money. From your from your from your from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership okay okay you know. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast and one place. So go ahead and download uh you know you know the free anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get okay uh okay started started started started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to uh uh uh uh well so tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, that's right, that's right, right, right, right, that's right, you know Spotify well I mean like for music, but now guess what you you you you can find all your favorite podcast well so okay there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other other other other podcasts uh okay you know another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other other other other episode no, no, it's not. It's okay um uh not the show. So therefore so so so so therefore so therefore so therefore I decide how I want. To another to another to another another another another to another episode um okay you know of what the coach thing. Is that good? good good good Yes, that's next time. You uh okay okay complain about me saying no many you you you you do the intro after that couch. All I mean um well right. Well, let's do do do do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how you know okay so so so so it's done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did did did did I mean like you know the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have why why why why have why have why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you are you are you are you all ready for this? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to okay uh well talk about this movie. But But But But this is a effin great. This was like wow, this is uh uh well like like like like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can uh uh uh uh so I mean tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going going going going to like uh like get into but I know that it was a good good good good movie because I'm like, okay um um oh I could easily talk about this this this this for a minute. There's a lot to um okay um talk about and it it it it feels like are we getting into it or my okay I mean well so so so so now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to to to to the 500 well like well greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, sorry sitting across from me is so I mean okay my God. Mr. Keller knobloch knobloch knobloch knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to to to to talk to you guys quickly I mean you know uh about Spotify on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists you know okay okay and podcast and and and and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium well so uh account account account account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to well okay okay okay okay you know save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast you know I mean like. So you never miss an episode you can can can can share whatever you're listening to with your friends um you know well on Instagram and and and and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever so you know so so so so and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The well well well well so okay apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't haven't haven't haven't done so so you know I mean already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast on Spotify or browse well uh uh podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, Also, Also, Also, make sure to follow us on uh okay well there. So you never miss miss miss miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, um well okay let's get get get get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice um so so so so I mean the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by by by by NerdWallet. I love nerding well like like out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream cream cream cream high fives, you know okay so like that sort of thing, but when when when when it comes to finances no one nerds out like so uh okay NerdWallet real nerds nerds nerds nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement I mean you you you you know you know with calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If If If If you haven't heard about anchor so you know so it's the easiest way to to to to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody well um so so so so loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I I I I mean, I mean, I mean, I like I mean uh love free things. So there's also also also also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your um okay okay own own own own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast well well well well well I mean for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all all all all these platforms so I mean well well that way people can hear your your your your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast um okay you know with no no no no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one well okay okay okay okay so place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F you you you you know well well m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast podcast podcast podcast for well okay well C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student student student student sharing her journey uh so I mean towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the show and don't forget so okay uh to hit subscribe. So you don't miss miss miss miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome back in in in in well um uh today's episode. We are we are we are we are going to to to to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking paper so okay um um um um and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about well um um um um you know the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as as as as I mean I mean you know we breathe. Screams and screams and screams and screams and and and and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life okay um you know. You You You You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I and I and I and and and and I calm you know you know so and you fall to your your your your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds I mean um like of making love love love love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath your breath your breath breath breath breath your breath the uh like um Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps keeps keeps keeps me high. You make me high higher like so well than the mountains kissing Skies Skies Skies Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again thanks again thanks again thanks again for tuning into the the the the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate your um like you know support. I I I I hope I hope I hope I hope you're getting a lot out of studying studying studying studying the Bible in this way you know you know uh by looking at the literal sense of of of of the text, which is something we don't often talk okay uh I mean mean mean mean about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more and and and and you know like like today we're looking at. And really and really and really and and and and really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see like okay uh in in in in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration uh uh uh uh I mean okay. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led led led led them up like okay well a high mountain where they could be alone. There There There There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to to to to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back well like like today as you have to show show show show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did what did what did what did I I I I say? You so uh uh just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the the the the one. Yeah you yeah you yeah you yeah you know well well. I I I I knew I knew I knew I knew you'd want to say the full title title title title. Right love right love right love right love it before we like well like jump into into into into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you if you if you you you you if you find yourself well well you know in a situation where you you you you need help or need someone to talk to please so um well contact drain they they they they are available to help you at any time. Their number their number their their their their number their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter Potter Potter Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed okay I mean uh a a a a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World well like like like like so be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We We We We were okay um so really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of of of of our thoughts and feelings I mean I mean uh about the original book theories, but that's that's that's that's over now today. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing scenes 59 uh uh uh uh uh like 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some like I I I I mean you know announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know know know know your thoughts. So, like like um please feel free to tweet along with us us us us. You can use the hashtag wizard well well you know team on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have you know like you you you you know a few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check check check check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills bills bills bills and I so so well don't know how you're listening to this podcast right right right right now. Thank you for uh uh well listening by the way, but if you haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to I mean um like make a a a a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a uh like like like like okay few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to to to to get um like um their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the the the the best way to well so well do it. It's free. There's creation tools that that that that allow you to record and edit the podcast, like um so right? Your phone phone phone phone or your computer? You can you can you can you can have your fans leave leave leave leave messages. Thank you to you know I mean I mean those of you that that that that have been doing that by the way, keep them come and well uh uh uh uh so keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be be be be heard um you know um on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this this this this so many channels that are um so I mean podcast is on some of of of of them. I never even heard of so it does the like so okay work for for for for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name my name my name my name is is is is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening okay well like to the modest artist podcast podcast podcast podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all you know so uh right. Keep in mind mind mind mind. It's like it's like it's like it's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and and and and I gotta so so okay drink it. All right. So let's do a roll roll roll roll call. So you got at the end you know uh uh. I'm Jon John. Jon Jon Jon Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay well uh uh uh uh okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and and and and you know okay you know I play drums. And I am Daniel and I play play play play the bass. All right, all right, all right, all right, let's like uh um let's let's let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can like like like like like I mean guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure I I I I mean um so right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for for for for almost so uh um seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy energy energy energy therapist but most of my focus uh like you know goes into a trauma Survivor Survivor Survivor Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It um well uh was really really really really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so you know know know know you know um I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your host Pearson Fowler with me you know okay I mean as always from Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this so I mean mean mean mean well entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that that that that albatross I mean I mean I mean around your neck, but you had a busy busy busy busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It's um well well much appreciated Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I so I mean mean mean mean so sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm you you you you know so um being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered you you you you covered you covered you covered the baseball game and I mean like uh then then then then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the watch the watch the watch watch watch watch the basketball game I mean like okay. And then and then and then and and and and then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts like okay so so so so and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to um you you you you know uh cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the now you you you you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views the views the views the views and opinions opinions opinions opinions expressed by the DJ's do not so so so necessarily stay or reflect those those those those of the company and its management for their more you know you know I I I I mean the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to I've never seen the the the the all see this as season 1 episode I mean um well 17 the rivals. Let's just just just just let's just let's just let's just go and tell a little bit about what is you you you you know well um actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen seen seen seen the all see well like well which is a podcast in which this this this this young lady here with a mouthful of toast um well uh. Hyah, Heather has has has has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age well you you you you know so. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to my nerd nerd nerd nerd brain a dialogue on so you know uh musician's health and wellness. It's two two two two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's like so okay really cold down here here here here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast uh uh uh uh uh like Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking looking looking looking forward so um okay to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce announce announce announce that our I mean so uh guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders Anders Anders Anders. I would I would I would I would like to welcome well you you you you know like you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge so so so so like um today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back Back Back Back everyone in I mean you know like 2008. I had I had I had had had had I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast like like like like um well from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train train train train okay well uh before. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about about about about starting uh you know so your own podcast? You know you have if you you you you haven't heard about anchor well you know I mean it's the easiest way to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's um okay so so so so free. That means that means that means that means no money out of your pocket. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor has creation tools that so um okay allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer like um well. It's just that easy easy easy easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can well okay I mean mean mean mean be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast podcast podcast podcast is like uh um on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you you you you can make money from your podcast I mean um well and you don't have have have have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need I mean like like to to to to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the okay okay okay okay um okay free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in uh uh uh uh uh okay a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those those those those for those for those for those of you well uh I mean that that that that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we uh uh uh uh I mean like did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we we we we get into it is okay um you know only right to acknowledge that I'm also also also also joined by Emma and Mike as always so okay uh so M. How are are are are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? you know you you you you know like I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make um uh uh uh uh um sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another okay okay I I I I mean and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David David David David. Robert Grimes um like well who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author author author author of a um so okay best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's he's he's he's they're here. I did actually say okay um um it to Mike off off off off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of okay like you know know know know 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very very very very traumatized like okay so after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism organism organism organism right in front of you know you know okay my eyes. I just sat in my booth booth booth booth we reading the rules again. And again, like um um it was so dark dark dark dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on the so like like like like uh table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, so well well I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing me. It like you know uh didn't do much damage. This is going going going going to be a great shift. The first so like like thing I tried was was was was to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral you know I mean mean mean mean so vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is um um um um uh you know Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last last last last episode um I mean okay and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So So So So on this episode, okay you know um I'm going to be doing something a little little little little bit different I am going so I'm um so so trying to put together together together together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind well you know well well well well of film and put together. Kind of kind of kind of kind of making it it it it I guess is the best way well okay you know to put it I mean so so so so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the uh well uh past past past past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big big big big fan of like uh you know the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not not not not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones with um uh so the RC logo. So I I I I so I so I so I was putting together some statistics with the PSA PSA PSA PSA Pop reports so so uh and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's Here's Here's Here's basically what I got, so like okay okay uh I was looking at like like like like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never never never never have to I mean you know well open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master Master Master Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, right? I so I so I so I I I I so um um am before you're going to see how easy this is to do do do do. Go so go so go so go so uh well ahead. This works this works this this this this works this works in any milk. Carton. All right all right all right all right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Jason Jason Jason Bolton well I mean uh. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr Mr Mr Mr. Chris shared in other you know like so words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to um uh um you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Darkness Darkness Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time I mean you know um at the casino casino casino casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date I mean I I I I mean I mean myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. And it's Sydney. I I I I I I I I mean well you know like like like like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really like like like like you know you know get into and a pause in between there. Let's get get get get out. There's a problematic so like okay pause as they surged about. It wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and um you know uh screen if you you you you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're you know know know know uh um going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working working working working on battery power I mean I mean okay over there. So I have have have have a good signal and I have plenty of like so okay power power power power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation reputation reputation reputation like I mean okay for everything they do they get blamed for killing the the the the mayonnaise industry the diamond industry I mean like so and even the divorce rate rate rate rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none well uh well of them are are are are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that well uh I mean mean mean mean these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few few few few I mean uh you know common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change change change change jobs after one year well okay like one myth that some might not know or or or or even care to disprove is that okay uh well Millennials jump from job to job job job job because we're never satisfied but data from uh okay um the US Bureau of of of of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with um like I mean companies companies companies companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me me me me up so so like. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner owner owner owner of seedings closet on Poshmark like well like. I've been I've been I've been I've I've I've I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created an Instagram account well okay okay okay okay I mean to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community community community community here. I will talk uh uh I mean about all the tips and tricks tricks tricks tricks I've Stop along the way and really um well okay create a beginner friendly guide for you to to to to help you enhance and possibly pick so you know okay up your own side gig gig gig gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone well well so. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning learning learning learning okay uh like all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, lesson, lesson, lesson, you guys so I mean okay are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns nouns nouns nouns and how they are I mean I mean you know used with the indefinite articles in in in in English now for those of you who like well so are Back again for for for for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who like well okay are new. I I I I want to quickly introduce myself. My name my name my name my name name name name is teacher Monica well um you know and I'm an American English teacher. I have have have have I have I have I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching like like like like like um English to speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey um you know know know know you know it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back back back back with my favorite podcast well I mean I mean. The friends cares the hair up up up up they are hey, if you are very distressed well I mean okay Jean Nicolet on movie Casa Casa Casa Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane heartthrob okay um I mean mean mean mean Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path. Coffee Coffee Coffee Coffee popular like okay okay here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski Ski Ski Ski bodies are 90 you know uh so Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball baseball baseball baseball data, but then it did not well okay like last long and finally they they they they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a walk a walk a walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, March March March March okay um you know 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you you you you because it feels like there's been you know I mean I mean a lot going going going going on this week, even though we've been on spring break. I I mean I mean mean mean mean uh usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses. So if if if if so uh well you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the the the the in your clinical you know you know I mean group, but not your theory class class class class. Please pass this information on to them or tell them uh well so to to to to contact me so I can send them the link. This is important information well well well well I mean okay that I want all of you to have. It's going going going going to be even more important so well uh than usual for us to be in communication communication communication communication for you to have good communication with the like well I mean nursing nursing nursing nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the habit I I I I mean like uh of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages messages messages messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have have have have a you know like uh neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to to to to do but life's been busy Christmas and then well uh okay you know what what what what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So we've uh uh uh uh uh you know now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really really really really good guests well okay I mean lined up for you guys to listen to to to to and I hope you really enjoy okay like uh Like always if you know know know know anybody that would be great for the podcast and you'd you know okay um like like like like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love to I I I I mean okay like chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just just just just mention the uh um well sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to to to to people just to you know like well be kind remember people have things happening behind behind behind behind closed doors. And if and if and if and if someone's struggling well uh like just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated to exploring okay okay uh in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to to to to live with borderline personality um um so disorder and other mental health health health health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host for well like you know this this this this podcast. I want I want I want I want to issue a Proviso at the the the the beginning of the Podcast you know like well which is that this is absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and medical you know um okay intervention intervention intervention intervention. So, please so, please so, please so, please seek out those sources of of of of support if you need them. And I well uh like also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode episode episode episode well so okay. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance performance performance performance director at I mean like like swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about about about about his career at Plymouth some you know okay uh of the athletes you coach coach coach coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is you know so like like like like expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for for for for um okay um the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I I I I wanted um uh I mean to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm I'm I'm I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited about this new I mean like well way way way way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward forward forward forward like uh like as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget budget budget budget plan was uh you know okay formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into Into Into Into the into the into the into the general assembly. Also, we also, we also, also, also, also, we also, we presented so um okay our budget before several committees. Although the vote vote vote vote on the amended FY 20 budget I mean okay like has not yet been finalized finalized finalized finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been well uh uh uh uh uh made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive um like you know know know know step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word word word word the so uh um next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the the the the fiscal year okay you know um 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've We've We've We've selected like uh um those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented supplemented supplemented supplemented them with so uh uh additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes comes comes comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety so so so across sources are myths may may may may not always be the version you're familiar with but okay okay like we hope hope hope hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow stumbled through the early early early early morning Darkness you know I mean well desperate not to lose the trail of his his his his people. He'd been following them day you know I mean well and night night night night. He was he was he was he was filthy hungry. And for the the the the first time in his okay um uh life alone. Oh long arrows foot hit hit hit hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known I mean I mean okay okay okay okay to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the um um um um well I mean global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in in in in multiple. Marvel features marvel features marvel features marvel features marble is you know like like like like well an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Cinematic Universe so well so movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming welcoming welcoming welcoming you back to celebrity crushes Tom okay well so Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled to be talking about today's topic. Back well um okay in July 2017 my mother mother mother mother Amy and I took a trip to the movie theater to okay like uh uh uh uh watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous actor who portrayed okay uh um Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to to to to be altered that day since okay well well then. I've had a huge crush crush crush crush on Tom. That's almost three years of you know okay um my life fantasizing about a man man man man 10 years older than me back in October of well so I mean mean mean mean 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good Good Good Good better so okay like best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire entire entire entire internet and podcast landscape uh like okay and place where sounds come out of your ears ears ears ears and your ears biggest supporters well so okay of Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Dirty Dirty Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change I mean I mean so it it it it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as I mean mean mean mean I mean I mean the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the the the the luck ran out of I mean well so the money song that that one one one one money song that we've been using boy. You better okay well so give me me me me that money. Yeah that yeah that yeah that yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV you know um so talk now. It was it was was was was it was it was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I I I I I I I I I I I mean I mean like have Alexis here here here here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out um you know I I I I mean and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And well well well well so I mean as you may have noticed this is not exactly our our our our usual programming a because you know okay you know we actually didn't have one one one one of those this week. But if but if but if but if you're you're you're you're hankering for your you know like uh weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T T T T show okay okay okay. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast podcast podcast podcast and video series we have well like okay rebranded it is the Sasha T show so so so so welcome. I really appreciate you guys like uh I mean tuning in and let's get get get get back to business today. So I'm making this video so okay um and podcast podcast podcast podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on you you you you know uh so the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness craziness craziness craziness of you know, the sports so well you know card market and Luke advantages Market Market Market Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of like well well is right right right right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his okay I I I I mean so base prism PSA tests. We going we going we going we we we we going for see what we're seeing right now with I mean I mean you know all all all all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film you know know know know well uh television and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet okay okay okay okay um I mean to work on their projects. They sit on this color couch couch couch couch of mine for an I mean you know uh hour a day day day day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be okay um like like like like directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our our our our work uh uh like. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of of of of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but I mean you know okay not necessarily and that that that that is what the color couch is all about. It's a okay I mean mean mean mean so glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about about about about color from time okay well okay to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is this is this this this this is this is your One Stop okay like well Shop for everything related to night night night night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news okay um I mean coming out out out out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy uh you know so so so so. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to to to to say folks that uh okay I mean was very impressive that he got all those those those those words out because that was his fifth okay so well attempt and the first first first first four times all he was trying to say is hey like I mean um y'all welcome welcome welcome welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We this you know well like like like like is a this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it it it it I mean well well has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling rolling rolling rolling and man he okay well I mean was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make I mean so so a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could could could could you okay uh well get anything better at something that's free. There's also creation creation creation creation tools that allow you you know I mean so to record and edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how you know I mean so convenient convenient convenient convenient anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard I I I I mean okay I mean on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can make money from your podcast uh like uh to with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download so okay well the free anchor app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once uh well well again again again again that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with with with with so okay okay the boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go go go go coming at you I mean I mean so week three, but four you probably week week week week one. Hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do what do what do what do you do baby boo and sugar sugar sugar sugar live in to grow Nancy? And you know like like this is a sip sip sip sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is you know like well the the the the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a a a a whole well I mean uh nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new new new new this week next week the so so I mean following week. You have a 30-something days days days days and get your money up. And yeah, let like you know you know them March Madness Madness Madness Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout uh shout shout shout shout uh shout uh shout uh well well out to all the birthday babies out there there there there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that that that that some people may find defensive listener you know um uh discretion is advised advised advised advised. March 16th march 16th march 16th march 16th 1978 61 year old former former former former Italian Prime Minister Aldo like you know I mean Maura stared in shock at his dead dead dead dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him I mean um so to work when when when when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door so like so flung flung flung flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Narrow Narrow Narrow you know like um Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from from from from me? But his captors didn't like um um reply. They simply they simply they they they they simply they simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off you you you you know you know uh. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his his his his face and blindfolded him then like well so one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are are are are with the okay uh okay body lacks. We got a special guest. So So So So what's so what's so what's so what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, I mean you you you you know so alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She She She She just ate shaking like uh you know so a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce applesauce applesauce applesauce. Let them know but All right, you um well well drop the spoon again. Never Never Never Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what so what so what so what we talked about about about about uh like uh today today is a good one today. Just not back when when when when I'm gonna say you know well so yeah, we're not racist Guys. These These These These are these are these are these are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations Congratulations Congratulations Congratulations on congratulations on congratulations on congratulations on qualifying I mean um okay for for for for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, right. War so I I I I mean well really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles Cycles Cycles Cycles kind of uh um so been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take like um you know time to kind of of of of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast podcast podcast podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if you've so I mean you know been been been been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that we we we we so so I mean started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, now, now, now, we've already had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to well I mean okay us about about about about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting you know know know know like um weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We have have have have the so you know you know lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and and and and she talks about the gift of well well like hunger. Now the Lord gives this to to to to us as a gift as we engage with like uh you know the spiritual truth truth truth truth of fasting. So thank so thank so thank so thank you Dana for joining us right right right right here you know you know like with you guys. So your mom you're a loving loving loving loving wife and you've been here. I like I like I like I like so so so so so hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours and and and and hours and hours cultivating the gift okay well uh of hunger. So you're going going going going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode this episode this episode this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go go go go over the topic of I mean um well pediatric elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section section section section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually I mean well okay occur in older older older older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated uh okay okay okay okay uh with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular intra-articular intra-articular intra-articular bone fragment treatment well okay so is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless unless unless unless the medial epicondyle has an I mean okay uh serrated fragment in the joint that that that that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up um like you know three to to to to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female uh uh uh ratio is is is is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 like like like like like well year olds. And these and these and these and these are very very very very rare in younger children less than three years old uh you know okay the the the the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched outstretched outstretched outstretched hand so okay uh as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today okay okay okay okay today okay today okay today okay okay so we're going to talk about their coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce um well okay myself to those those those those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm a board certified well okay I mean Family Medicine physician I practice in in in in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients a uh so you know know know know day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a so so so so uh I mean census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal heal heal heal patients. So literally so literally so literally so literally you know uh like my my my my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest honest honest honest uh like uh who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it is I mean uh I mean the easiest way to make a a a a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of um uh so which uses and it's it's it's it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you I mean like well to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will uh uh uh uh well you know distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple um I mean so podcast and many more more more more Or you can make money from your podcast with no like well uh minimum listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, and it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one you know know know know so okay place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot f m-- to okay well you know get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ask Ask Ask like you know uh Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to to to to come up with a name okay you know um for this? We'll get started right after this this this this a lot of stream coach clients well like like and additional content creators have have have have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this like um I mean is something that that that that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my like you know so so so so favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's it's it's it's free um you know like. There are tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your uh so uh phone. Or your computer. The The The The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my uh um uh phone phone phone phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the I I I I mean um uh podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others others others others at this like um you know point. So you so you so you so you you you you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot lot lot lot of challenges a you know like well lot of obstacles and these were the the the the business Mentor comes in with enough experience well okay um experience of 26 years years years years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along okay um I mean you're you're you're you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, uh uh uh uh well I mean have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, know, know, know, when I began I mean uh okay my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What What What What kind of host how to like well you know do it engine. Oh when when when when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima Prima Prima Prima podcast. I have with me like well like today the lovely Kathleen child's child's child's child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her okay well well. She She She She is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and so uh uh uh uh like I wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many many many many questions you know you know like about ways to optimize fueling to lose way to to to to be your best self and well you know I mean frankly. I don't feel feel feel feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that um okay okay Kathleen Kathleen Kathleen Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce well okay okay okay okay um yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am am am am I am I am I am Kathleen child well so okay. I am a a a a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband uh I mean well well well well Tom and I live in Boston. We love we love we love we love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and and and and okay so um days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my my my my right is called okay like uh Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons Simmons Simmons Simmons. What's up guys and gals to um well um his right is Omar. Hey guys guys guys guys hey guys hey guys hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? uh well well well well you know There? It is it is it is it is and behind me is is is is roommate cow with if you can hear I mean like um him. I don't know know know know if you guys can hear him. And then and then and then and then then then then tonight we welcome so okay you know on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my my my my boo okay like I mean my love in the building. Let them let them let let let let them let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's so uh so good? It's It's It's It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do you you you you do um so okay like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola Lola Lola Lola. Yeah, I do. I you know uh so don't like to limit too much with the the the the words. But um, I kind of well you know okay do a a a a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm well like like like like I mean amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why that's that's that's that's why that's why that's why I brought you like so um here girl. Yeah, you you you you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself um okay okay. I make make make make I make I make I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process process process process of making I mean like um medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you you you you uh you know uh doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All All All All right. What do you want uh okay you know to talk about today? We got a a a a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We well so so still still still still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back I mean mean mean mean well I mean. You know you know you know you know what that game room room room room. Okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I believe off the where we thought we we we we well I mean I mean were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking talking talking talking about house like a toxic you know um okay relationship and I was was was was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think you uh uh uh uh I mean like were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with with with with um okay um the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, like, like, like, I'm not I'm so you know well not falling for it. I've been hurt too many many many many times by these guys, but so so I mean by the end of that podcast we we we we switched but I was still whatever uh uh um. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm I'm I'm I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm well well I mean not not not not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back okay I mean okay okay okay okay to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on on on on I mean um um the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 1910 1910 1910 87 people perished you know you know so in a horrific two-day wildfire that that that that burned three million Acres. It would change the you know um uh way people people people people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the you know know know know so I mean u.s. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural natural natural natural disasters well um so free on Spotify. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due Due Due Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster okay like well listener discretion is advised Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 pm so uh okay. On August 20th, 20th, 20th, 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were uh okay okay okay okay like clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Laura horn art podcast podcast podcast podcast. Richie is joining me again, and so so I mean we are chatting about finishing finishing finishing finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started like okay I mean mean mean mean the painting that I talked about last week. I have I have I have I I I I have finished and now I'm sharing well I mean so all the tips and techniques and and and and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice well so uh when I get get get get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is um um you know know know know brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see see see see Me uh you know you know paint a large abstract painting from start to to to to finish. So if so if so if so if you'd like to see see see see that I mean um uh process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward forward forward forward slash classes click on okay well like layer by layer and don't forget forget forget forget to use the coupon code. The coupon the coupon the coupon the coupon is 20 in in in in like I mean so Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save save save save 20% on that class up uh um well to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets offsets offsets offsets okay uh like. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning returning returning returning guest. Thank you thank you thank you thank you you know like okay so much much much much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining like so you you you you know me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today today today today. Cody I cody I cody I cody I mean like I mean. Remember, Remember, Remember, Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted lifted lifted lifted um like well logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline we we we we outline we outline we outline all things. Faucets related well uh so we talked to to to to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or um well so events events events events. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need I I I I mean uh well Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to to to to want to head uh so well on over to you can find us at at at at custom offsets.com. Also, we also, we also, we also, we just launched a so like like like like so new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with with with with well uh okay Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an an an an angel I mean uh uh man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been it's it's it's it's been it's been it's been a fucking week well uh like yesterday was it was sick the the the the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us I mean um I I I I mean the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, uh uh uh uh okay so that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on on on on gravity Mero um uh so Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't didn't didn't didn't if you didn't lose brain uh I mean um cells last night happy to to to to you, right cause like that sure was it was if you well well well well well I mean didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have you have you have you have not heard about anger. It's the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let like so okay me explain. It's a a a a proof. There are there are there are there are certain tools that allow you to okay okay okay okay okay I mean record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute um um uh your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so um well more you can make money from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything I mean okay well you need to to to to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you okay um okay a question. Are Are Are Are you are you are you are you living the life you want to live? Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody has a dream uh uh um life. We all have that picture in in in in our mind not that life. You want to okay you know um live my my my my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? well I mean uh uh uh uh Most people would say no. Well why well why well why well why the answers answers answers answers are often somewhere close to you know okay I mean it seems impossible. It's too hard hard hard hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't I don't I don't I don't have those those those those kind I mean so um of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on on on on I mean I mean okay the go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light light light light tail is life like you know okay saving. Once upon once upon once upon upon upon upon once upon a time in Taipei. There are there are there are there are are are are lived a Sergent named well you know like Martin. He had received an invitation to to to to a medical conference in London. So he booked his you know I mean uh ticket ticket ticket ticket but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport okay okay okay okay well you know. As a as a as a as a frequent flyer and a a a a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat you know you know know know know okay for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast uh uh uh uh like you know the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a a a a change in I mean um you know our industry who are ready to to to to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of okay so you know a a a a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world world world world. Are uh well uh you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm I'm I'm I'm here today okay um like with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany Bethany Bethany Bethany. Well, I've well, I've well, I've well, I've never called you Bethany well okay like best Ajman Ajman Ajman Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did well uh um um um um. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your what's your what's your what's your business your business name? name name name And yeah, let's start like um uh there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake Wake Wake Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing you know I mean you know know know know and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to I I I I mean well like our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part part part part of this series. We've um I mean so sat down with some exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what I mean I I I I mean I mean makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign campaign campaign campaign for I mean I mean like international women's day. We hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In you know okay you know today's episode. We We We We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the um you you you you know so Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry industry industry industry the majority of so I mean like them being in senior leadership roles. I also had had had had the privilege of working with Jackie uh well okay at Chandler MacLeod. We hope we we we we hope we hope we hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk now like you know I mean. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I I I I so excited new video new gossip um well uh. I cannot I cannot I I I I cannot I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show um um um um well okay. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just just just just like so uh they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your your your your Oseland and tree so um like and to my immediate left. Hey guys, hey hey hey hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy I I I I mean okay you know love having you here. So let's so let's so so so so let's so let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's you know um uh uh uh uh start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers well well well well okay so up. First of first of first of first of all for Paul's Paul's Paul's Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's It's It's It's um uh um time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with with with with your host other day, well so like bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back back back back everyone. It's about the start of any number I mean I mean like like like like two. And before we get going we want to give a big big big big shout-out to uh well so our great friends and partner over at All Star Star Star Star Sports the premier enhance quality catching uh okay well equipment. If you're looking to enhance enhance enhance enhance your receiving game going over to their website wwwultratrustcom so okay uh. Star sports.com and you you you you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere from you know um um um um so the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the the the the glove that well uh like was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our so so so so okay uh weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace Ace Ace Ace your like well okay a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also also also also find this podcast well you know so helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours hours hours hours. If you're already a qualified chartered well um so surveyor, this week's blog. We We We We take a look. Six year six year six year six year rule clarifying what what what what this might mean okay um uh for you and your EPC we've been asked about about about about this many times. So well like like we now have official clarification from from from from our ICS on the issue for you firstly you know uh you know. What is the the the the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date um well like guide. It It It It states it states it states it states that when you enroll as a candidate you you you you are making a commitment uh uh you know to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of most of of of of most of most of the time uh I mean so we do not acknowledge the the the the presence of energy. In and in and in and in and around us us us us. In you know so you know fact, even this physical body which appears to be be be be in physical form is essentially energy okay uh uh because if you break down all your your your your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten I mean well you know cells into Small little Adam Adam Adam Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are um um I mean they? They are Energies Energies Energies Energies. They are a form of energy your body is so so um in energy energy energy energy. Your thoughts your thoughts your thoughts your thoughts are also an energy. Your Your Your Your emotions are Energies. So we so we so we so we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The run run run run uh uh I mean for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform transform transform transform your training to um I mean um reach your goals. We ask we ask ask ask ask we ask we ask all the expert run coaches and athletes so okay uh the the the the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get um um um um I mean you know the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that that that that you I mean you know like can be. Have you ever seen a fast runner runner runner runner and wonder wow, how did they get well okay so so fast well, This This This This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep I mean I I I I mean okay dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner runner runner runner. How to how to how to how to gain like um so endurance running is an an an an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background so uh uh in a robic robic robic robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic I mean so so so so so base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have have have have uh so so been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but but but but uh well I mean they all have one common thread which is they know know know know where there's a pain well well uh in sports or Esports. They know know know know they have a solution for that and they well uh I mean know that that that that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away uh uh uh uh uh um. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to sports Tech feed the the the the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's okay uh uh right. You listen to sports sports sports sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's tom salome's tom salome's tom salome's great great great great to you know you know like have you joining us. Once again, we've got a really really really really insightful and interesting discussion well like okay today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director director director director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is well okay well a global Sports Innovation Hub, including including including including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports like so uh and Esports. They've They've They've They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including uh okay like five successful exits, exits, exits, exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a a a a Lisa uh okay I mean Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a a a a she's a she's a she's a columnist a host and author okay okay I mean mean mean mean but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is she is is is is she is she is the resident okay well okay astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written written written written two books working on a third. She's basically um like like like the hottest hottest hottest hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you like okay well well well well guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire well so um um um um you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us us us us that I um okay you know just was on she read my chart. It It It It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She so well I mean just gave me me me me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night I mean mean mean mean like you know toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side side side side and brush you know well um the inside the outside and the chewing side of of of of each tube. Its heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines week well well so and and and and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped okay uh um um um um black women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame Madame Madame Madame CJ you know like like Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was was was was born in 1867 in Louisiana well well so. Sarah had a hard time making enough enough enough enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila you know well I mean. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson today. We uh well well talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset mindset mindset mindset to help you achieve like I mean like a more successful and fulfilling life life life life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire okay well so. Let's do it. So ebony ebony ebony ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many so so well years years years years. Now. Did that did that did that did that spark appear very early on on on on in your life or did um um so it come a bit later on the the the the spark appeared? I was about 6 and I mean um okay yeah, it was obsessed with with with with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and you know um like yeah yeah yeah yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I I I I um okay I mean hope y'all are growing in your faith some from this this this this thing before I even introduced so like you know Matthew, so don't say anything anything anything anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash uh you know um um um um the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of of of of so uh uh you. If you if you if you if you could smash the the the the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and um I mean well it gets gets gets gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works okay okay okay okay okay well. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good Good Good Good man, you know like well great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on on on on this entry. We need to do something I mean like okay about that, that, that, that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are y'all are y'all are y'all are probably the the the the power just like I'm a well I mean uh skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still like well um on on on on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and I mean mean mean mean so well we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this so this so this so this podcast is brought to you by by by by anchor and if you guys haven't heard uh like well of it definitely easy way way way way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's a lot like you know know know know so of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right from your phone you know like so and computer and anchor is just all around around around around hassle-free. And once you make your you know uh uh podcast on anchor is distributed distributed distributed distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can make easy uh like you know money money money money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, you you you you know like um it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells tells tells tells and this podcast will be focusing uh you know you know on how to to to to navigate an Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in in in in um um well physics because we know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host I I I I mean you know like Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an an an an intro for the podcast in which so okay uh I'll basically kind of run run run run through what the shows actually going to be um like uh about for for for for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little you know so you you you you know bit about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics basics basics basics before like um well we get any further for now. I'll just play play play play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or or or or I mean so okay reflect those of the company and its management for their more more more more the views and you know like I mean opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric Eric Eric Eric McClellan you know um okay former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy guy guy guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us so I mean um 40 minutes of his his his his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, okay I mean like you you you you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R like well well well well like their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career career career career well well okay how they can start to, you know, reach out to you you you you know, bigger and ours and uh um like work with a and ours at labels as as as as well. So so so so so so so so this is a well you you you you know like great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are are are are looking uh uh like for more information on how Studio talk can help you you you you out. Check us check us check us check us um like so out at Studio Studio Studio Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan okay uh um former former former former A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo Yo Yo Yo peep well uh um this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today today today today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network Network Network Network. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your okay okay okay host Chris Ferrara and and and and we have a great show in store for you today uh I mean mean mean mean I mean. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're We're We're We're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about Pixar you know know know know you know you know Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with with with with me a first-hand animator you know like like and one of my dear friends and and and and Rukia. Andrew say andrew say andrew say andrew say hi to everybody look guys guys guys guys okay well you know Andrew and me had been talking about how we could could could could get him on the so you know like podcast and stuff. He wanted to to to to talk about and me and Andrew always talk like um I mean about animated animated animated animated films. So we so we so we so we thought this would be you know, know, know, know, the well I mean uh perfect category to kind of start this realm of of of of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five I I I I mean you know well minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who who who who have been listening to me um so I mean for a while have been following following following following me on the internet out there in so you know um the social media Universe Universe Universe Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience so well okay okay okay okay trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a a a a um um um step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If If If If you if you if you if you plan so well uh on mastering anything in in in in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need like uh uh uh uh um experience. There is there is there is there is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors well uh you you you you know good score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the the the the Houston Rockets um like well just a waste of time of us trying to to to to win so we can get you know I mean so a higher spot. What does does does does it matter? We're not we're not we're not we're not going to get the first first first first but anyway, like you know like it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on on on on us besides the point uh so okay besides that Besides you I have have have have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA okay you know well 10. I had had had had two of them. I sold I sold I sold I sold one of them for a like uh uh uh uh like hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now Now Now Now well I mean well I had this card for $125 for the longest time time time time and I took it uh well you know off because I was afraid that of of of of exactly this and something that you guys need so you know like to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you like like like like um uh so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please Please Please Please head over to I mean you know well our website dear skate podcast.com there you click click click click on store and browse some pearly I mean um you know awesome t-shirts and and and and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our uh so well patreon page and and and and see what how you can support us monthly. We love we love we love we we we we love bringing you you know okay you know awesome content just as much As As As As you like listening to it enjoy the show well like I mean. Hello. I'm so so so so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys you guys you guys guys guys guys you guys are tuned into in the I mean uh well woods with DDS DDS DDS DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we uh so like look look look look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much much much much well like okay for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in in in in the woods with so well well EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better better better better at each uh okay um one of these that we do we also plan to to to to have a lot of different like like you know different guest on the show each each each each week. We have a trio of different okay so I mean co-hosts that are are are are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first so like like like like so of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? you you you What um uh like was going on? Everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody everybody everybody everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm and I'm I'm I'm I'm and I'm and I'm just you know so like here to let you you you you guys know that anchor is the best way to make like uh uh uh uh like a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is is is is the you know so like easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything everything everything everything you need in one like like so place for free, which you can use use use use right from your phone or computer uh I mean so creation tools allows you to to to to record and edit your podcast. So it so it so it so it sounds sounds sounds sounds even better um I mean um. They'll distribute your podcast for you so it it it it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple like like uh podcast Google podcasts and and and and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no well so well minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a so so so so so uh scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get so get get get get so get so get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess guess guess guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably well I mean well the biggest talk talk talk talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time okay so okay okay okay okay Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that that that that um okay so he's staying put but if you ask me as an NFL NFL NFL NFL fan. You staying put it like like well just doesn't make sense for me me me me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in you know so like the NFL for for for for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just okay well you you you you know doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me you know know know know so well. So it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out out out out well like uh and play for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to um I I I I mean so get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot dot dot dot. F so like uh m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally totally totally totally free just download the like so okay free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- and you're on your way to well um so your your your your own podcast. You can you can you can you can have fun. You can you you you you can you can you can talk about whatever you want I mean you you you you know you know to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by by by by whatever you want to so uh you know make it about. It'll be yours, and and and and it's totally free. Once again, once again, once again, once again, go to the the the the well um okay get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- in you on like uh uh your way. He's not going back again. Another Another Another Another segment another segment another segment another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard so um you know know know know about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation um well I mean tools that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone you know okay you you you you know or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be be be be heard on Spotify you know I mean you know Apple podcast and many more you you you you can make money from your podcast with no okay uh like minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So uh so so so so uh so uh so uh so well download the anchor app. For your phone or or or or go to Anchor FM.com to get uh okay well started. Well, howdy there internet people people people people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about okay I mean I mean mean mean mean a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an image image image image like um so. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look into it it it it like uh so understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the inside the inside the inside the bird is back going on everybody everybody everybody everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam okay I mean you know Kaplan Adam. It's going going going going it's going it's going it's going to be our second free agency show because people people people people can't get enough well I mean like free agency. I mean I mean I I I I mean I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like um uh uh uh uh I mean we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a a a a record-setting podcast so uh okay when we came back from Indianapolis or know we we we we were in Indianapolis. We did our free uh I mean like agency preview from from from from there and then it just exploded. So obviously so obviously so obviously so obviously we both both both both a I mean I mean like new especially got a lot of notoriety for the the the the Byron Jones scoop. So we're really uh um okay happy that we got great great great great feedback on it and that people really listen so that was like you know okay okay okay okay fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but uh uh uh uh um like it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order order order order. When one when one when one when one one I mean okay well three three three three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How um like like like like okay are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think um um um um uh you know that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's it's it's it's more of like well okay well an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like like like like they don't show you the I mean um okay current timeline like Witcher Witcher Witcher Witcher. I've hurt I've hurt I've hurt I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's It's It's It's out of well uh well order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my my my my life. It is ruining I mean um uh your life. Yeah, you you you you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait you know um um um um uh. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which which which which are well like you know you like medieval don't you I do. What What What What about war? What about like like guns uh like I mean big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little little idea okay like I mean how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We We We We use the anchor you know okay um dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our our our our podcast too many many different platforms. There's well well like creation tools to allowed allowed allowed allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or well I mean mean mean mean okay a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor so so so so like uh app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig jig jig jig Master jigs when in doubt uh well you know get the jig out go to to to to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf okay uh like 20 and save 20 percent percent percent percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a a a a bear okay um you know and lower the tone all things FPL related related related related this week folks. We are going uh well you know to take you on a a a a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask where so okay well well well well we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing because because because because you know I mean um you're not going to get them here at least not in in in in this episode kind like like you know of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast Blast Blast Blast from the Past tear up the usual FPL uh you know uh narratives and cause cause cause cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references and of so I mean um um um um course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted uh uh uh uh like you know one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he he he he could be considered a you know so I mean precursor to America's Alonso. And of of of of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing like like like like like so episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of of of of our newest patreon patrons so so you know today Sergio and I are going to to to to go over the week's countdown questions talk you know like I mean about all the the the the new information. We learned we learned we learned we learned from PAX East and there will be be be be a I mean I mean uh very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her her her her experience playing Animal Crossing like um you know New Horizons at PAX East so so so so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy like I mean uh. I'm doing pretty pretty pretty pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in um okay I mean terms terms terms terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with with with with you know well like a lot of news and then I also got got got got some amiibo cards. I mean I mean I mean I mean um um like putting putting putting putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of first of first of first first first first of all, I want to like like uh say thank you a very very big big big big thank you for tuning in today uh um I mean. I am going to to to to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close um um um um well uh to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you you you you like I mean I mean know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant elephant elephant elephant in the room okay uh uh. Finally. Obviously a obviously a obviously a obviously a a a a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven Aven Aven Aven like so well. I hope I hope I hope I hope everyone had a a a a great week. First off. I just want to say thank you know uh uh you you you you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on like okay I I I I mean Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast podcast podcast podcast. So so so so so so so so so like thank you to everyone everyone everyone everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier okay okay like League action action action action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the uh you know know know know you know bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It um um um was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The The The The first loss that you so you know uh go off is 3-nil against walk walk walk walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly okay you know I mean one one one one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media media media media a so uh so weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest latest latest latest stories insights experimentation and learnings so you know you know to help you and your your your your brand succeed online. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 186. I'm I'm I'm I'm finding well well okay Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working working working working on a like uh well brand new 10 times version of the science of of of of social media. We can't we can't we can't we can't wait to like like like like like you know share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime meantime meantime meantime. We wanted you know so uh to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting copywriting copywriting copywriting is one of the most essential I mean uh okay skills for a marketer to to to to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and I mean okay well especially on social social social social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional I mean so so so so well copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a daily like I mean uh devotional where we dig into God's word and and and and explore what it means to well um you know live with. Hope in Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus. Hope that hope that hope that hope that is exactly what Paul is is is is talking about here you know well um in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going going going going to start this section in verses 1 through uh you know so 4 4 4 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that I mean well well well well uh if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have have have have a I mean so I mean building from God a house not made with with with with hands Eternal in the heavens for in uh you know uh this tent tent tent tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting okay okay okay okay so you know it on we may not be found naked for while we we we we are still uh well uh in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want want want want I want I want I want to talk well um okay to you guys about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the app that I use to um well so record my episodes episodes episodes episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a it's a it's a it's a a a a hundred percent well you know I mean free and it allows you to use tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit um you know um your podcast straight from your your your your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends so so so as well well well well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast so so um for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a a a a podcast and well well I mean many more you can also definitely make money money money money from your podcast with um um like no minimum listenership. It's everything it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place so I mean okay download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to to to to get started. Before well like well I start this podcast, I just want to let let let let you guys know if you I mean like um are listening to to to to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning you right now now now now. It's only um uh okay going through the left here. I want to believe because that's that's that's that's just the okay okay well way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, okay okay okay okay I mean okay we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching teaching teaching teaching resources for their classrooms to so okay well make your classroom Buzz go to to to to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Thanks like um I mean so much for for for for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review us any Apple Apple Apple Apple like uh so podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you you you you heard of the so um you know daily? 5 Ali is a passionate passionate passionate passionate teacher who is has used this source you know okay okay and program to to to to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan well so you you you you know of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page page page page well okay you know the young educator Ali says this program has been a a a a game-changer for her and her well like like students. My students came to school on the the the the second day and they were like, when I mean so I mean are are are are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I I I I mean like uh I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so so so so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? you you you I mean uh so Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me me me me even I mean uh I mean happier. Well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a it's a it's a it's it's it's it's a conflict of interest so you know okay. Oh get your mind mind mind mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have I have I have I have have have have interns who do okay like um that now. Anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I I I I anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking you know know know know like you know into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is is is is but it's gonna um okay um take a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her her her her to Barcelona uh you know I mean if that's what you're after. You know why they they they they call her chili dog. Don't I mean so um you tell me cow ate ate ate ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman I mean um um year right right right right down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm midterm midterm midterm like okay uh. Just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud stud stud stud a Phenom. I'm okay you know okay not about to give her up for for for for a pack of pens in a book Let's well uh like Not Be Hasty. We We We We think chili dog will be a great fit in I mean um I mean the the the the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for so you know know know know well both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo I I I I mean you know so Francisco Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to to to to share with you guys okay you know you know the Jack Welsh passed away. He He He He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing so um well person with with with with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's um um um um okay well all about the people you put together. I want want want want to take advantage of this to share okay well well with you guys. The fact fact fact fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El so well uh Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and so so so so I mean like it's all about what we have built and where we were going going going going. He's other portion of you know um I mean his leadership is scouting on profitable part part part part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture culture culture culture I mean I mean uh conversation coming up today. And for me, I stress it it it it that period in my life well like so. I bucked Authority. I can that that that that stance which email Authority could not stand it um so you know. And so so so so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh um um um um uh well you should be making more black art. Are you are are are are you are you are you should be making more well you know okay black looking looking looking looking things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed you you you you know you know um. Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Doug. Thank Thank Thank Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is this is this this this this is this is so uh um the first in a series of very special live episodes episodes episodes episodes recorded right here at the okay okay you know Armory show in New York York York York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of I mean um so so so so days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed managed managed managed okay like so to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and and and and everything in between what boom you're uh well you know listening to the podcast hot queer queer queer queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank well thank well thank well thank well well well well you know so you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness craziness craziness craziness insanity fuckery. If I mean um I mean this is your first time listening listening listening listening to the podcast shame on you start from okay I mean like the fucking beginning beginning beginning beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or uh so so so so uh obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should should should should pour yourself like so okay a drink because I like to say fuck a a a a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record you you you you know I mean you know my podcast episodes. I've been I've been I've been I've been been been been using it for the last several months and I absolutely well okay like love it. If If If If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast okay well uh. Let me explain it's free their creation tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit uh like I mean your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for um so you you you you know you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and and and and many more like um um you can even make money from your podcast with no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you know uh so you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. All you have to do well like uh is download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get so I mean I I I I mean started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard heard heard heard about um you know well anchor what are you doing man? Get your get get get get your get your get your life together, but if you haven't heard like uh um about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate first well well well well so okay of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation there's creation tools that allow you to you know okay well record and edit your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My you know you know you you you you know computer's broke. I already I already I already I already talked about that therefore, therefore, therefore, therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In you in you in you in you you you you know so uh addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you I mean well well. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more row many um okay uh more dude. You'll be getting your your your your clout and your coin you can make money from your so like uh uh uh uh podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had had had had your um I mean I mean listeners right now and it's everything you need to to to to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and and and and uh well I mean night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of of of of your mouth and brush a little circles I mean um well all the way around each tube tube tube tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily you know I mean mean mean mean well Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is is is is a well uh like giant bridge in New York City the goes over over over over a big river and it's like okay like beautiful people from all over the the the the world come to New York each year and take pictures okay uh you know of it it it it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge um like you know but but but but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John John John John uh you know like Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four four four four hundred twenty seven cases okay you know I mean worldwide 300. I'm sorry I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States States States States. We so we so we so we so you know okay have now now now now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with okay okay okay okay so so six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had had had had any deaths so um okay in California. And so there might be something specific specific specific specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're We're We're We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from okay like um our villains podcast podcast podcast podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of okay you you you you know well the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and and and and outside the so like uh criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow follow follow follow villains free on Spotify or I mean I mean so wherever you get your your your your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York um you know you you you you know City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The The The The criminals the criminals the criminals the criminals okay like so imprisoned there with a worst worst worst worst of the worst many of them were there for you know so um Life Life Life Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right right right right you know so so here. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to The Filling Filling Filling Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would I mean so so so so you know like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned learned learned learned from their experiences okay I mean I mean. We hope you find the stories stories stories stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything so well well well well um we're going to talk about today. Now in now in now in now in in in in this episode. We are outside the uh I mean okay great city of London London London London. I'm not going to say exactly where but you know well um it is is is is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows cheese cheese cheese cheese so so like it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and and and and stuff. People kind so okay so of Penny but this is next level. I I I I am not used to this. How'd I mean I mean so you guys cope? cope cope cope There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise okay um so yourself. Let's not not not not even go there. So this has been a meeting okay so okay that's been been been been in the making for God knows how long don't you just okay you know you know know know know you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about about about about the world of so I mean um True Crime letting you dive even even even even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects okay so well every week in in in in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most okay so so fascinating True Crime Crime Crime Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips well um um um um well from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas you know know know know um you know. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the the the the True Crime world really I mean well uh is you can find these these these these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you um you know uh listen to to to to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the so well well well well so description today. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing cases cases cases cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard Richard Richard Richard and John which so um um is looking at life in a medieval village village village village. Now what needs to be understood so okay uh about a medieval village, is that that that that obviously in the medieval period things were I mean well like very different in in in in regards to how people lived. So most people in England lived and so you you you you know like worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were uh um um um um you know rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did did did did face so well like a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be be be be very short for you know okay so so for those people within a medieval village, village, village, village, you're looking at a life expectancy as so I mean um low as 25 25 25 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village so like like like like like was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of you you you you know I mean I mean Brawn and brains. So this so this so this this this this so this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is I mean mean mean mean you know like Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion Lion Lion Lion so I okay like like actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he he he he revealed himself as like um uh the Nittany Lion because rumors around the the the the College of IST, which I'm a part of said so um so that that that that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up heads-up heads-up heads-up uh I mean I mean who is going to be but not really a lot lot lot lot of people have had classes well I mean well Zach and I were were were were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State okay so I mean mean mean mean. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months months months months okay so okay ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's that's that's that's so that's so that's so that's kind of cool. You so you know know know know uh want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my my my my name you know like like is Zach. So I so I so I so so so so I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been we've been we've been we've been been been been a bit delayed in having the massively well I mean um same put you, you you you you know, we're back to say they will intro there um uh um but but but but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee like like like like like like Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week week week week. I'm um uh so you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, America, America, America, I'm gonna go on to talk I mean like like about that shortly. It's light light light light it's light it's light it's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got got got got so you know okay quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go go go go as we always I mean I mean you know do talking about the game game game game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a like you know you you you you know voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be okay okay okay okay so so your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips tips tips tips and um uh so tools you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy energy energy energy and manifest your you know okay okay dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn let's let's let's let's turn let's turn let's turn this baby up. So I so I so I so I I I I want to fill you in okay I mean so on one of my my my my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the past uh well okay okay okay okay year. And that and that and that and that is using this podcast podcast podcast podcast as a platform to share my you know like um message to connect with more more more more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients uh um I mean into my my my my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on okay uh uh uh uh uh your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of of of of Sherman that feeling my name. Is uh is uh is uh is uh uh uh uh um you know he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near near near near the bottom of I mean you know like the mood about to analyze analyze analyze analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta you know um um um um well near Toledo. And in and in and in and in that case the on on on on these sticks his hand uh so like into the house and either places something something something something into the hand of the ball by it uh so uh or take something something something something out of his open hand and brings it out and like uh uh then then then then D is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of um um um um uh so I'll be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a a a a call Marble I mean so uh our boss one quick introduction the notion of of of of carrying something involves really three acts. One act I mean okay like is Akira literally uprooting uprooting uprooting uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then okay um well to to to to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain like um um um um I mean boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name my name my name my name name name name is Dori. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, and I'm Joe uh uh uh uh you know like and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so so so okay, so okay, so okay, so so, um, I just well like like talked a a a a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work work work work on um I mean you know different type of client So based off of a a a a studio in Westford, and I well okay you know just hope people feel better and and and and just be able to move and have more okay like uh energy. So that's that's that's that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to let you all in on on on on a little secret. It's how this podcast uh you know you know comes to to to to be. Remember. I started I started I started I started just on YouTube, but I knew knew knew knew that I needed okay well I mean to get on audio. So I so so so so I so I so I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast producer so like like like like uh. How do how do how do how do I do this? And he just just just just told me anchor use anchor because it's the well you know so easiest way you you you you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free. You you you you you you you you you you you know okay I mean can edit record your podcast right from from from from your phone or your computer and all okay so I mean in one place anchor will will will will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it can well uh you know be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you like I mean uh uh uh uh can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you you you you are. You well uh uh can make money from your podcast. It's everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast all like like you know in one place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are are are are okay I mean you know joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was was was was a very special episode. I like uh you know okay these episodes because we don't don't don't don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or well well you know know know know the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was well well well well uh well the second time we had him on we'd already covered his his his his career. And so I got to um I mean uh talk about a lot lot lot lot of things on this show and I had I'd uh like um get get get get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different like so like like like like things and we kind of went through a couple topics one was well so so so so well his little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High School in New New New New like so well York. And so we talked a little bit about that and then then then then Greg coming um uh well to Cornell. He's competing he's competing he's competing he's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my mother I I I I mean so you know. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to to to to come into my so uh well bathroom while I was showering and sit sit sit sit on my toilet and try to uh okay well like Gap with me. Yeah, so so so so like that just kind of paints a picture of okay so I mean like boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like so uh uh at at at at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting um you you you you know I mean where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about about about about setting? Oh and there's so you know well like a mirror right across from from from from my back to our it was like a glass shower uh you know you know know know know. So it's so it's so it's so it's like how can vulnerability be brought brought brought brought into this room more right? No I mean uh okay. Yeah. She got like what what what what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank Thank you uh I mean um for joining me again, and you will not believe it it it it guys. I promise I promise I promise I promise you know you know so you you you you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting visiting visiting visiting so well you know for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these these these these things in well you know well order for the journey ahead and we were were were were just having conversations about, you know, doing uh you know well things by yourself yourself yourself yourself. Cough now, cough now, cough now, cough now, you know, there's this whole part of of of of it that like okay um says, you know, you have to collaborate and and and and do all those great things. But you but you but you but you know know know know well well there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal goal goal goal by yourself, but me I mean so you know how far now you you you you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow uh okay like like like like today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old like so so so so well daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get get get get any worse, you know I mean um no one knows who did it. If you you you you enjoy this episode on the uh like you know mysterious brick of murders and and and and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved like you you you you know I mean murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper deeper deeper deeper into some like uh I mean of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free free free free on Spotify or wherever you listen you know I mean well to podcasts. Due to to to to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised well you know know know know well this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent violent violent violent homicide you know uh uh of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is is is is the podcast. Hello, well um so you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought brought brought brought to you by neht and naht well well like Edge. This month's episode is a a a a technology special in which we asked whether technology can well okay well support learning learning learning learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider we consider we consider we consider what what what what the next big Ed okay so like Tech development is likely to be and also also also also this Gus whether or not uh you know well mobile devices should be banned from from from from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights so okay okay in conversation with James James James James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will well like um be well well well well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author okay you you you you know you know of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of of of of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about about about about the well I mean um fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see see see see what it you know okay okay actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to biology for bastards you know I mean mean mean mean like teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm I'm I'm I'm your host you know you know so John Doe D. Thanks for listening this this this this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter I mean uh okay at at at at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all hi all hi all hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea tea tea tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily uh like so. We haven't gotten to to to to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for the like okay uh 90 90 90 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from the the the the show like okay um lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that that that that she's dating a woman what um you know uh you might not know about Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie though is that she sells naked photos of uh like so herself online. That's right right right right. Stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has a patron where she has content content content content. That's a bit risque uh like so. It seems it seems it seems it seems seems seems seems some people may have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram like uh like stories to lay everything out. Out she out she out she out out out out she states that she is not ashamed of this content I mean I I I I mean um and that having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other other other other creative projects I mean um um and it's also helped her income in general. She She She She ends it saying I'm a well well so hello an advocate a writer writer writer writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything I mean well you know. I'm I'm I'm I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you okay so well well well well girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her so you know know know know uh body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's who's who's who's that um um like guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with with with with Nick and Mark. I um okay um am your host Nick Harrigan and and and and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today and today and today and today today today today we uh so um have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host host host host. Yeah um yeah um yeah um yeah um you know well. Let's get get get get it. So Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and and and and college so how'd you know you know like you guys meet we met sophomore year year year year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we so we so we so we I barely okay okay okay okay um you know showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but but but but it was I mean you know uh there be but it was there. We took took took took the we just say major so we had uh well well all the same classes classes classes classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back well okay like like like like when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a a a a tree planter art like I mean so for this podcast comes from another tree planter planter planter planter Bethany Davis as part of her illustration series uh okay okay follow the trees trees trees trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation uh uh like practice practice practice practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who well okay okay okay okay so spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree tree tree tree planting is so okay like so much more than the physical act of planting planting planting planting thousands of seedlings in the ground day after uh you know I mean day day day day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories that okay I I I I mean like last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on on on on the culture um like I mean that is mostly contained within those who have have have have stuck with shovel in the ground okay uh uh. It is it is it is it it it it is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a place for those those those those I mean I mean okay to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're you're you're you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to to to to the podcast so uh um in today's episode. We're going to talk about what what what what products you should not drop ship okay okay like now when you're doing research and and and and you're looking to get into e-commerce or like you know uh build a new new new new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of you you you you know I mean like where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the the the the right products. Now, the uh like I mean first level is the niche niche niche niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products do okay so uh you want want want want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to uh I I I I mean I mean the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones ones ones ones. You actually like like like want to work with if you want to make money doing doing doing doing this and then finally the like well like deepest level is the product level level level level. So what I'm going to share with you in this podcast well okay well well well well is what to look for at all three levels to make sure you're not not not not so like well wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these these these these stores and actually okay like uh build a real business now before we get into it, I I I I should let you know okay well uh that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you you you you so well uh to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce produce produce produce so uh you know results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science science science science and proven to um I mean well burn more calories post-workout Track by technology technology technology technology. So you can monitor your results in real so um I mean time. Each workout workout workout workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure well um I mean you you you you don't overtrain or under train. So what so what so what so what what what what are you currently doing to get more so so um life out of your workout? That's That's That's That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help well uh like you with. All right right right right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here okay you know like with with with with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to to to to you know so like help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've I've I've I've had trouble I mean um so falling asleep and I found that over the the the the years when I listen to um well I mean the word of God. I'm able I'm I'm I'm I'm able I'm able I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest uh uh uh uh so you know And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of of of of God. Let It let It let It let It you know uh uh Be an an an an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like like like like this okay like well. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right right right right if you text K like so you know out there, how dare dare dare dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light you know okay uh it it it it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was was was was I was I was I was so well I mean like braised. I I I I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list like well well given given given given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch couch couch couch uh you know well and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But But But But I love friends. I'm Monica okay well okay Geller and I hate it but I've I've I've I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi I mean like you know and welcome welcome welcome welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing um well well well well um Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce so so so so you know uh yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry sorry sorry sorry. Okay. I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy spicy spicy spicy hot so okay you know take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right right right right. Well, it has to start I mean well so with the club because covid always starts starts starts starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone you know um um to know soups. Given Given Given Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate um I mean mean mean mean so raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have have have have one you know so I mean of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That That That That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's I mean okay okay your boy. I would would would would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right all right all all all all right all right so well okay. Yes, so we have strong on on on on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross you know well um All-Stars All-Stars All-Stars All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan so shravan so shravan so shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or yes or yes yes yes yes or yes or no like okay um. Did you ever take banned substances to enhance enhance enhance enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no well okay well prior knowledge of the planned assault assault assault assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for so okay okay my irresponsible and selfish selfish selfish selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops well you know I I I I mean the podcast we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm I'm I'm I'm here and we have so um well a special guest today Mateo Lane High High High High buongiorno. I done I done I done I done special guests have started 40 well so so so so okay minutes ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew like um um um um okay my director my I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did did did did this so so well Andrew Collins to but to be fair when I was was was was at his podcast like three years like you know like ago. I walked in in in in and he told me on the spot that it was well so uh going going going going to be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit shit shit shit Mike well uh I mean. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your like like like like like I mean day. My husband my husband my husband my husband my friend friend friend friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer like uh so. That's 60. We We We We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard it's hard it's hard it's it's it's it's hard to believe so so uh and it's very exciting. I want to notify you all all all all again about our CM our uh um I mean virtual CM that that that that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern well so so so so like standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in in in in the world, so well okay you can associate you know the time that your your your your clock with that with those hours so okay I mean. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about so uh so so so so starting one? If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the the the the 11 like well you know essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their their their their businesses so okay okay online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your your your your free guide and turn okay um okay your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org that's that's that's that's www.soffc.org that's www.soffc.org that's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, the only other thing thing thing thing I mean like like I was wondering about is and I think I've sort of of of of got an answer but I so like I mean noticed that I'm not not not not as unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and um I mean like like like like I am affected sometimes by other people if there's some negativity and affects me me me me and I okay um um dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock well well well well you know well. We're here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder founder founder founder operator and super I mean like um gangster from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company company company company. That is how you doing you know uh um today man. Doing great man. Yeah if if if if you excited this year, it's like a I mean you know you know first first first first thing right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's that's that's that's case um so okay scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get Get Get Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this I mean like um. Yeah. Well, don't worry about about about about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got so well I I I I mean like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put put put put something out because okay um I mean I know we're just letting him down. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks podcast podcast podcast podcast you know so okay where we cover all things space in this podcast podcast podcast podcast. We will be covering all the so okay well latest space related news news news news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries that um well well anyone anyone anyone anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the Apollo like like like like like um mission to the first image of the black hole to the the the the latest news on Starship um so well to the Artemis program to take us us us us back to the moon. So if so if so if so if um um I mean mean mean mean like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that um um um um so so is happening in the field. This is this is this is this is is is is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following the following the following the following content contains adult subject matter including including including including sensitive material and is intended for adult you know you know okay consumption only it it it it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion therefore discretion therefore discretion therefore discretion discretion discretion discretion is I mean I mean well advised Takashi. 6-9 was 6-9 was 6-9 was 6-9 6-9 6-9 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to according to according according according according to according to so um so TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I I I I woke up. I was in you know well okay the back seat of the the the the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit I mean well um to you know, know, know, know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And like I mean okay okay okay okay I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get get get get you know uh uh me out of this. Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original so well okay podcast podcast podcast podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can well well well well well well lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to to to to like uh okay lure party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind behind behind behind some of our um um like favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin I'm Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin I'm Kevin I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And okay so like today we're we're we're we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have you you you you know you know you know Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so and and and and so and so and so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, uh uh uh uh like you know how did you make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so we're so we're so so so so we're so glad that you're here okay well um. I hope you guys are having having having having a beautiful week. We are we are we are we are stoked because today today today today well like you know is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and and and and we have been absolutely dying to you know well I mean release this one one one one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man so well well well well um. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to okay um um um um so hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I I I I I mean you know well do recommend. Going back and listening to part 1 it's it's it's it's not absolutely imperative. But I you know so you know do think that all of of of of the information in part to her story all okay okay okay her tips the way that that that that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and uh okay so almost more more more more like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all so I I I I mean well about her life as a young girl how she was parented her her her her family story uh so um Dynamic her as a young woman and it's fascinating and and and and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you you you you brushing I mean okay like show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one one one one side and brush I mean well okay the inside outside and chewing side of of of of each tube. It's heroines week and well so you know every day we're talking talking talking talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are uh um uh uh uh uh a pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their their their their okay I mean so names were Trung truck and Trung knee. A long along along along along along along long time ago the Trung so I mean like sisters were born born born born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man okay okay okay okay well um and have them trained in martial arts back in those days days days days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can can can can be like I mean okay a long thing, you know, so let's get into this this this this week's Chase Smith. Hey I mean like uh guys, it's your girl JT JT JT JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello you know I mean uh. We're We're We're We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re re re re free you know I mean so. Rio well rio well rio well rio well Cambria found found found found a how was your day? How was how was how was how was your day day day day tiring um so okay long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the the the the love that now Monday uh I mean so. Let's go energy energy energy energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports now Sports now Sports now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you you you you is the fires are so nasty you know uh uh. They are now tied tied tied tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the Metropolitan. Well, you know um um um um uh technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to the tiebreak, which which which which um okay you know is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because because because because that would make the most um so like sense, but of course not listen, I I I I don't care if technically they're not in well you know I mean first. All I I I I care about is when you look at the points it is like I mean like like like like tied. This very this very this very this very moment and just the the the the fact that that is the situation we like like well are discussing right now is what what what what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat the Carolina uh so I mean mean mean mean Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the topic of uh uh um today's video is going to be going with the flow flow flow flow and I got an um well so email here from a client of mine mine mine mine that I've been coaching for is probably okay like like since late last year by eight eight eight eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching like uh um him now now now now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a um okay okay okay okay I mean couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he he he he meets his All um um you know at a concert and I guess guess guess guess his group and her group of friends kind of okay so so emerged emerged emerged emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told him uh you you you you know I mean to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers Dodgers Dodgers Dodgers a um you know so podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello Hello Hello Hello. Mohabbat by this well I mean I mean is not Billy Ray Cyrus. This This This This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, you know you know you you you you know what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything so so so so you know um about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago ago ago ago and nothing, but what's you know you know like that Drogo? What's a draugr my I I I I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't I don't I don't I don't believe believe believe believe you know um you know nothing going in secret. We can we can we can can can can we can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for for for for you today lot of stuff to talk well so well about a lot of stuff off off off off the ice, which I want to get to First. The I mean uh so NHL NHL NHL NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and uh uh so they're going going going going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first um so so so so I mean time they're going to throw it in used at least that that that that we know of so read I mean well uh a little article about this this this this AQ and we were just talking about this before we well okay you know went went went went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during the uh uh uh uh okay well regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it it it it. They've you know like like given it to a few of the Superstar Superstar Superstar Superstar players throughout the league the practice with um I mean like the see if they they they they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about about about about you know you know well anchor which is the platform. I used I used used used used I used I used to make this podcast. If you if you if you if you you you you you know so like haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and and and and let me explain uh so you know it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to record and edit your podcast you know um like right from your phone phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So uh I mean so so so so you can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can so so so so um um make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you you you you need you know okay okay to make a podcast in one place. So So So So download the free anchor app or go to okay like uh Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of well I mean mean mean mean um Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always always always always. It's your like I mean um host Kelly. So excited to be here here here here feel like I just sounded like okay you know okay Heidi like so excited but but but but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past okay I mean um week, week, week, week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form form form form of I mean so well a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way way way way to create it by using anchor so you know uh I'm able to share share share share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you need um uh so so so so in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone okay uh uh uh uh okay tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app app app app to well okay I mean record and edit a podcast. It so it so so so so it so it so it sounds great. They'll even they'll even they'll even they'll they'll they'll they'll even distribute well well um your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere podcasts can be found you know um okay that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and and and and more. You can you can you can you can also easily um like like make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor um um um um um um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a well you know uh podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free free free free. You don't have to put any well uh uh money up front for someone someone someone someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal uh um well. There are creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you you you you know you know so from your phone or computer. You have to go out and and and and spend a you know um um lot of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you uh you know I mean. So it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you can can can can I mean um well make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's everything you need to make I mean uh okay a podcast in one place place place place doubled the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot okay um okay okay okay okay. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and the the the the Garza like so you know Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI DUI DUI DUI. If you need I mean okay well a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a a a a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza like okay okay and his team team team team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and so um like losing losing losing losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March well I mean mean mean mean you know 1st episode of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating rotating rotating rotating cast of okay I mean you know eight women hosts today. You have you you you you have you have you have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello Hello Hello Hello okay hello okay hello okay hello okay you know like greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book the book the book the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former former former former book Theophilus, I wrote you know you know I mean about all that Jesus began to to to to do and to teach until the day he well uh you know know know know was taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles apostles apostles apostles um well so. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and and and and gave many convincing so so uh proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them them them them over a period of 40 days uh you know uh and spoke about the kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted wanted wanted wanted like okay like to take a brief moment today to let you know about the the the the easiest way well like so possible to start your very own podcast. Some of some some some some of some of some of the more important aspects well I mean I mean are are are are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to to to to uh well like record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money money money money to host the packet a well so so podcast and have a distributed to different different different different podcasting platforms while also using different software so you know well as I tried tried tried tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to um you know so so so so record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or or or or um well like cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to make money well okay like with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting starting starting starting your own podcast, you better be serious you know so okay about using anchor anchor anchor anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're hope you're hope you're hope you're all doing well well well well. And you ready to okay um so hear from another friend of the show. He's He's He's He's definitely someone I should have called before now uh I mean um as he's he's he's he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up to uh um like like like like for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field field field field but I mean um like also off the field as well. So without further Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, here's my conversation I mean so you know with Premier League winner and good friend. My My My My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just well uh I mean what I needed just what I needed needed needed needed. How are you my brother? That's all you know you know like how are you you you you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um so you know um, um, um, um, you know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a uh uh uh uh um you know bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same same same same thing. I did I did I did I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and peace and peace and peace and love everyone. Have you have you have have have have you have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make okay okay okay okay well I mean a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can can can can use to record and okay uh I mean edit your podcast from your phone and and and and your computer an anchor will distribute the podcast for I mean okay like you. So you you you you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and apple you can can can can like so I mean even make money from your podcast. It's everything you you you you need in one place download the well so so free anchor app or go to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend friend friend friend like like like. Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the the the the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks okay you know like. Once Once Once Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion well well well well um well soap. He is he is he is he is a fantastic soap maker maker maker maker based in Southern California. The company the company the company the company is Iron um um um um you know like Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap soap soap soap and iron line soapcom so so so. They make Just a beautiful array of of of of natural soaps that I am so in well well uh love with and so so so so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we had a okay you you you you know I mean chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the the the the first time like okay so we're going to talk about the Acres of of of of diamonds program in total and well well okay we're going to talk to a a a a real live student graduate of Acres of uh well like diamonds miss any Coughlin. You got the the the the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think um you know um you have have have have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? so um okay We We We We talk to them. Well, actually well, actually well, actually well, actually my dad's death so so so so we can't call him uh well well. Oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's oh, oh, oh, oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds diamonds diamonds diamonds so okay well. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow somehow somehow somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me you know well uh trust me. Well, Well, Well, Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk okay uh okay to your your your your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but um um um um so well me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the top ten this podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Simon Whistler in well uh well well well well this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the you you you you know you know okay audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If If If If you if you if you if you enjoy this so like like show, please please please please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast so so you you you you know. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all all all all of so okay um that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come come come come and say hi to um well okay me. Let me know how you liked liked liked liked this show and let's get into it okay so well. Hello. I'm Simon West West West West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today well you know know know know okay. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs uh uh uh uh uh like number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will will will will tell um you know like you that at one point or another they have have have have had some experience where they thought they so I mean okay heard a a a a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led led led led them you know so okay to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high okay uh uh uh uh like Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors seniors seniors seniors I mean I mean uh who were recently honored for earning the highest academic academic academic academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude you know I mean you know at the the the the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred well um um um um I mean and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above above above above today. We have so like uh a couple of those Those students with us us us us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield I mean so so. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do so so like like like like is state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central uh well well well well uh I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm I'm I'm I'm Beth okay so you know Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music things pep pep pep pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of lots of lots of lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back we're back back back back we're back we're back with uh um I mean an update on the new coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last um okay uh few weeks new cases cases cases cases of this virus have been going up and up as of I mean I mean uh uh uh uh right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 well well well well like okay dead. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than than than than 70 I mean okay okay countries now affected and we're starting to feel it it it it here in the US. Tonight uh like um the governor of Washington declaring a state of of of of emergency after the first known okay well well coronavirus death in the US. The virus has has has has killed at least nine people you know like well in this country. We just just just just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are so uh okay now at least least least least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast like I I I I mean um. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you you you you to record and edit okay well um your podcast from your phone or computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for so um uh you. So it can be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make okay like well well well well money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a like okay like podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to to to to do this without anchor like uh well. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us us us us download the free anchor app or go to okay okay uh Anchor dot. F F F F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you well like well know know know know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We just uh so okay okay okay okay have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a a a a you know uh you know special special edition this week. We're still be back back back back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're listening you're listening to the Star like well okay Wars session with Matt Hudson and and and and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or okay well um evening wherever wherever wherever wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come like so so so so well for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And And And And I Ka well so well achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever ever ever ever in the cockpit of the okay well um Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and well well well well I mean uh I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live live live live in Ohio Eric lives like okay well in Michigan and we're recording from separate separate separate separate states. We talk about pop culture. We okay um you know talk about conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider you know okay okay okay okay well to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch watch watch watch okay you know well when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking talking talking talking about how wacky well uh you know is there's a lot of different elements to to to to him in a lot of different components that I mean okay well we have have have have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like like like like so like so like so like okay well like Kim said Dan Schneider if you you you you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's going on guys Rob here here here here. If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's okay okay okay okay I mean like the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to to to to use it's free okay uh well and there's creation tools straight in the the the the app that allow you to edit your podcast so so okay from your phone or or or or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple I mean okay uh and and and and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can can can can make money okay well well from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is is is is also great man. You gotta grind like well you know you got to to to to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need uh you know I mean mean mean mean to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor anchor anchor anchor on the well um you know App Store anchored on FM online to get Started Started Started Started let's get in the madness. What's um okay so going on? Everyone? Rob everything everything everything everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything and you know like okay okay okay okay YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing. I'm I'm I'm I'm um um like so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out out out out and reviewing it and you know you know well everything of that nature nature nature nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I and I and I and I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and and then like uh um topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do do do do when your um you know um girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got got got got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic Deanna well so so so so well who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us okay uh uh uh uh like the other day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted wanted wanted wanted to ask I mean so I mean because obviously the video that we we we we posted the other day people had some questions because um like okay there it's like like like like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can uh so so so so so actually end a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing cursing cursing cursing each I mean well well other out and Keen each other's cars and doing doing doing doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to frog and the the the the dragon. This is the first episode of you know uh okay podcasts devoted to cube in in in in this season. We want to show you guys the basics so I mean uh uh uh uh of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own well well well well okay I mean Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design design design design and hopefully like um um I mean say in a couple weeks time time time time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, uh ooh, uh ooh, uh ooh, uh uh uh uh you know I mean I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from from from from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful I mean okay um file coming from the lovely island island island island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here you know like like to do? do do do So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as well like okay okay okay okay this for this first episode on what the former cube is all about so I mean mean mean mean like and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a a a a thin crowd tonight. It is right now uh like uh. It is me Jared and and and and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney so so like Nance coming coming coming coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo um okay okay okay okay okay boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back um um um um okay um to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The The The The Boys um um uh Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'd say that the dogs well I mean like are who let the Dogs Out Out Out Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen you know okay like to say it it it it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as as as as okay okay you know you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always always always always support your right to see so well like random things. I support my right right right right to party and you always you got to fight for okay I mean well that that that that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree I mean mean mean mean um well and I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab lab lab lab at Cal State Long um um like Beach Bree was actually taken the course course course course because she was preparing to apply to occupational okay okay so therapy school. She has has has has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree also uh well I I I I mean has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate major major major major uh so uh and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA Division II um uh I mean at Cal State East Bay. So this woman woman woman woman has a lot of knowledge you know so okay about not only how to to to to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going we're going we're going we're we're we're we're going okay so so to dive into some of the ways in which she's she's she's she's faced some really tough you know uh like situations and she's had to pull pull pull pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face so like well of of of of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human um um um um well I mean design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a I'm a a a a I'm a I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment you know you know know know know I mean business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's it's it's it's um I mean like not working so that it starts to work for you through human human human human design and Alignment um like well you experience the flow. The he's integrity and and and and undeniable magnetism impact and of um so well course income each week. I'm going going going going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business business business business in a like like uh way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive Dive Dive Dive In Hey guys, welcome so I mean okay to align by design. It is is is is it is it is it is a me all church. I am I am I am I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard beard beard beard well uh uh care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and and and and prayerfully designed and well uh well crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts acts acts acts of life and to promote prayer meditation like I mean uh on scripture and and and and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use um uh uh promotional code code code code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes. Today's Today's Today's Today's okay well so episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent Lent Lent Lent we can't okay I mean um recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this this this this online Retreat will help you meditate like well um on the Lord's passion death and and and and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace you know um well and and and and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and like like like like uh uh 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 uh okay okay okay okay um year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend you know um um Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch watch watch watch the I mean like uh Summer sun setting over San Jose the largest city city city city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't like um I mean as idyllic as it it it it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself so you know know know know you know with Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It It It It well you know I mean was all wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything anything anything anything. He'd ever experienced well well well before he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out out out out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty I mean I I I I mean so fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the the the the December quarter, you know so well which means it is basically the status quo before before before before the bush fires and coronavirus well you know like hit we saw the annual economic economic economic economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that okay um you know know know know GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the the the the okay I mean you know 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the the the the RBA is reading at the economy okay I mean like was at a a a a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was so well so correct. However, However, However, However, it however, it however, it however, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into into into into an S turn due to you know um um the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home so so so so I mean uh moms. And we and we and we and we just just just just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay I mean okay okay okay okay you know at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just just just just kind of so I mean okay bring a little bit of insight and show show show show you that there are really well uh well great things. There are some really really really really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do like well um whatever you do when when when when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw um um so your your your your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey um um um um okay so mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the we're the we're we're we're we're the we're the messy Mama's we've created the so I mean I mean messy Mama Mama Mama Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings okay I mean uh. We're We're We're We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood uh uh uh uh uh you know. Once a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so so so so that so uh well you can share your story advocate for your babies and connect with with with with the other you know like uh messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you you you you take your like um you know health Fitness and wants it to the next level level level level. It's time to level up. Hello and um you know okay welcome to episode episode episode episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is like okay okay okay okay uh called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does Does Does Does it okay okay well I think it's what we've been saying for the the the the last few weeks. I feel like we've been well like well saying movement is medicine medicine medicine medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the post that okay I mean mean mean mean you know we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding branding branding branding that positive um I mean um message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here here here here to really talk about something well so you know that I'm super passionate about about about about and I know you are too. SLI everyday your uh okay uh training working hard hard hard hard and all of that. I work I work I work I work as an an an an osteopath. So this so this so this so this uh I mean you know know know know is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, butter, butter, butter, like uh I mean but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always always always always welcome to um I mean like come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're you're you're you're you know um you know trying to build in your meditation? Is it it it it that you want to be more present I mean you know you know is it it it it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to to to to so you know well feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition intuition intuition intuition is so uh well it that you want to feel less stress is it it it it that you want to sleep I mean I mean you know better? You You You You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are what are what are what are are are are you craving and well I mean like notice in your life and it will show show show show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice you know well uh when those those those those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode um um um um you know well 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down down down down with inspiring individuals so I mean um to talk about everything from their big big big big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym gym gym gym. This guy friends podcast rid I mean well you know of show coming coming coming coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by okay um um um um um many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend recommend recommend recommend I recommend I recommend I recommend or top reads okay uh like for 2020 2020 2020 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a okay well uh Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend okay well uh for for for for personal development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share okay okay okay okay uh like with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact impact impact impact on well you know um me or the ones that are In the Forefront of my mind mind mind mind right now I mean so so nagase can't sure every book that I've read and and and and listened to over the past 10 well like um years, but I'll give you you you you guys a pretty good list and I did a version okay well I mean mean mean mean of this a long time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and and and and my like okay well goal is to put these onto the blog as well well well well here probably in you know you know um the next two weeks weeks weeks weeks or so. I just have a lot of real I say so uh I I I I mean quote unquote real work to do but I will get to this but if you you you you um I mean I mean hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the the the the fact um I mean I mean that someone created pics insight and I happen to work work work work hard to learn well you know so it and actually really fell in love love love love with it. A lot alot alot alot of them so okay well are are are are just really fantastic. If you if you if you if you think about about about about how far things have come for like you know well us to be doing doing doing doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once okay like I I I I mean in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome please please please please welcome please welcome please welcome okay uh you know everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast podcast podcast podcast. He is he is he is he is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and you you you you know you know so he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also also also also has a like okay I mean YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a big big big big user of picks in sight I mean um so. So let's get started. Hello everyone everyone everyone everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast like like um dedicated to the amazing amazing amazing amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you I mean um you know interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate uh uh uh uh well I mean of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press press press press releases and feature okay well well films Millions have tried to stitch together together together together the pieces of this horrific story. If okay I mean uh you enjoy these episodes episodes episodes episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast you know like like like like okay every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most most most most controversial events and so I mean okay possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on on on on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 you know so you know 2014 2014 2014 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV talk well like you know now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the the the the bachelorette have to Show Low here well uh I mean on AfterBuzz TV is this was was was was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and we're you you you you know like like here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience audience audience audience and we will give um you know like you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV TV TV TV. She quickly at this is yall's first time I mean um I mean tuning tuning tuning tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an okay okay uh uh uh uh actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of I mean mean mean mean well so course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should should should should I should I should I should say um well you know said yeah. I am am am am I am I am I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce introduce introduce introduce myself okay I mean well. Only first only first only first only first got me was was was was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan um so well and a host host host host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine you know um um um um I mean be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything well well well well well so in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't don't don't don't um you know like also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the the the the middle you know uh um amounts and this is probably why girls don't go go go go for a higher salary in like so like All right. Yeah, you see one of of of of your tracks this you look like okay okay well you've never listened to bash me me me me a day in your life not voluntarily know you know okay okay what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV um okay well talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is is is is happening with this show like okay okay guys are hanging out with you guys guys guys guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're well you know so here. We're going going going going to go through it. You know what it is. You know you know well um um um um how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here okay like like like like well by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing team team team team married well okay okay and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may may may may have accidentally I mean like uh bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There There There There is a reptilian a Draconian like okay so a humanoid and a terrestrial human program program program program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid well I mean uh alien. Welcome to aliens like like like like us with me of course button below the other alien so you know I I I I mean and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to you you you you know you know you know our show this time. We're going we're going we're going going going going we're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in like you know like like like like US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah familiar with so so okay it huge. Yeah. It's It's It's It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early so so so so so so for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here okay okay okay okay like like they start to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you you you you done? No, let no, let no, let no, let so like like me have my fun. If If If If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises so well like in the the the the background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest like so like week week week week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes well well well well you know like when we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're they're they're they're like they're like they're like they're uh well um not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly weekly weekly weekly um uh well podcast that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with with with with choreographers costume and okay you know uh set designers the people who run beloved venues venues venues venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians you know well um about that one gig gig gig gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at like uh okay okay okay okay consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class fight class class class class fight class fight class consequence well well well podcast Network welcome to another edition of of of of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented so uh uh by W FP k @ @ @ @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening you're listening you're you're you're you're listening you're listening to the very um okay I mean first official episode of the Mets Mets Mets Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November like well I mean 1st 1st 1st 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a uh like like like like okay very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as as as as well I mean you know well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter hunter hunter hunter trivia and an interview with well uh well somebody on our crew and I I I I should mention this room was very big very you know um like bhumi bhumi bhumi bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about well so okay okay okay okay anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's creation like well uh tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right from your phone or you know so like computer anchor distributes your podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple so okay you know podcast podcast podcast podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast so um um um um okay with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in one place like you know you know. Download the free anchor app or go to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank okay I mean so you. And And And And here we go. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, thank you you you you for tuning in. This um okay well is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no no no no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl well okay I mean kind of just kept us us us us on one basis and we kind of do a little I mean um so bit bit bit bit of this that and everything else. So we so we so we so we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure make sure make make make make sure make sure you follow your um like okay favorite podcast. So you never never never never miss an episode like this one or if you know I mean um you you you you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to to to to you know well um them offline like I do when you're on a a a a plane or wherever you're traveling uh so you know and also you can share this with with with with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done well well I mean so already be be be be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h so you know know know know so or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll I'll I'll I'll um uh um catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you you you you guys so um uh first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a a a a few a few um like I mean sites, but it's the first full one one one one so welcome and I have a mic this um so well time. It doesn't sound sound sound sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the okay you know like world world world world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was I mean mean mean mean I mean well a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be be be be halfway like like so around the world, but that's a story for another time time time time. So you're ready to so so um introduce ourselves. Yes, you yes, you yes, you you you you yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you so so so so like um. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be cheering with you an an an an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the like um uh benefits of a Purpose Purpose Purpose Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation okay um like of Hope Hope Hope Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives gives gives gives I mean um okay meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is it is it is it it it it is pi C season, and I'm Lisa um well um Marie and I'm Andy Andy Andy Andy talarico. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to astral ashes. We are we are are are are we are we are going to be like like um serenading you with a poem poem poem poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to well um okay be reading reading reading reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina you know know know know uh well Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy fantasy fantasy fantasy um I mean like vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so season season season season so season so season so this is called I dream of um I I I I mean um you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that that that that I might you know okay so dream of you and not wake but Slumber Slumber Slumber Slumber on nor fine with dreams well um well. The dear the dear the dear the dear dear dear dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams like like like like okay like. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian um um um um um okay and we the premise of this podcast is kind of of of of there is no premise. There's no so like um premise right right right right now. We have we have we have we have a loose loose. Concept but we the the the the biggest thing that I uh uh like think this is founded on we found there's there's there's there's just such a lack of podcast with well I mean uh two white white white white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and yeah and and and and yeah and yeah and heterosexual so you know I mean. I just feel like we're we're we're we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided okay well um to to to to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be like like like like um like groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow podcast. My name my name my name my name is Daniel winter like like I I I I mean and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics okay okay okay okay I mean okay that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth Earth Earth Earth as we introduce uh uh so each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow will be your last you know well so so each new day could be your your your your final chance to really live. This week this week this week this week okay um um um um so we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the the the the I mean okay I mean podcast came from and some of our topics moving forward forward forward forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, you know okay so what would you do do do do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going okay well so to to to to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully I I I I mean you know okay something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke poke poke poke dad's so so I mean there was this questions that we keep getting about about about about what platform we use for uh well well podcasting. Well, that's well, that's well, that's that's that's that's well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I I I I I mean okay I mean just love it. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast well I mean like right right right right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my uh uh uh uh I mean um mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my my my my phone go into the episode um so so. I uploaded I uploaded I uploaded uploaded uploaded uploaded I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so it's so it's it's it's it's so it's so flipping um like I mean easy. Love it. And what what what what and what and what and what else will makes it really interesting interesting interesting interesting and cool is um I mean okay Anchor will distribute your podcast to to to to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name like okay uh it it it it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I so so so so uh um have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be okay okay okay okay like uh Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of of of of random shit you know uh um. Then you need to go to Yummy texcom texcom texcom texcom. Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods um you know like that ridiculous discounts just just just just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards I mean so so so so okay and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to to to to buy gourmet I mean so um food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio audio audio audio experience. What up Podcast for today's well I mean you know episode Gary sits sits sits sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their I mean like like like like uh different hustles and how most of you need to break out of of of of the mold. So like so um make sure to hit them up and and and and leave a review to let us like so um know what you thought and I I I I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at uh um um um um like some more educational objectives. Let's get let's get let's get let's get right right right right to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What um I mean uh is this this this this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg so I I I I mean um trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 on like okay uh the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to to to to hyper methylation and you know so I mean inactivation of fmr1. So remember these these these these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, couple things before we go into this this this this podcast. I really actually want you like okay uh to tweet me your feedback on how how how how you like weekly V and podcast form you know so okay. So please please please please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag so I mean like like like like garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback feedback feedback feedback on so I mean like weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback feedback feedback feedback on Twitter on how you like like so so listening to the the the the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash uh okay okay okay okay okay garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up up up up Podcast today's well um you know episode is from a recent phone call that Gary Gary Gary Gary had with Pearson. He speaks about well um I mean ageism and how he he he he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and sizes uh um well. So make make make make sure to hit them up and let us know what you thought with okay I I I I mean like a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on on on on is like okay well about his son in the industry and sort of how how how how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a a a a Christian so well so believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and and and and white. We as we as we as we as people are like uh um stuck here here here here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often cause um um so so so so dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for 80 80 80 80 like okay well of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant meant meant meant to teach and form I mean like well and simply trade stories with kindness kindness kindness kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a story well um um or perspective to share share share share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray XO you know well I I I I mean @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our community donate donate donate donate to patreoncom you know okay okay. Slash. God is gray now onto the episode episode episode episode. Hi beautiful hi beautiful hi beautiful hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a a a a um like so fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper sandpaper sandpaper sandpaper. It's all right. But uh okay you know yeah, so sorry about that long long long long break we took we were just really busy with you know well so midterms papers papers papers papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means means means means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty okay spotty okay spotty okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho ho ho ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments so uh you know participants kidney personal experiences or or or or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I but I but I but I guess like like like like you know okay that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a a a a personal well so like experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast podcast podcast podcast go pootie sensitivity case on well uh um page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the the the the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not do not do not do do do do not I mean well like reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the the the the producer and curator of this podcast uh okay uh listeners discretion is advised you cut cut cut cut with Erica Nene in God Amy so like okay. Otto have but without a doubt any any any any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually okay I mean well feeling feeling feeling feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he he he he I mean well okay gets worked. Well tahina, well tahina, well tahina, well tahina, I've got got got got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey so okay well tofu steak steak steak steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you you you you haven't heard about so uh um anchor is the easiest way to make make make make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me explain one. It's okay it's it's it's it's okay it's okay it's okay well you know free like free. Like no money money money money. Like you like you like you like you don't have to pay you have have have have to I mean well like pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too too too too. There's creation tools that I mean so I mean allow you to record and edit your your your your podcast right from your Phone or um uh um computer super simple simple simple simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and I mean like like like like like pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you uh I I I I mean so where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool tool tool tool in each um um um one of us has never ceased to challenge challenge challenge challenge and fascinate me for more than like I mean like 25 years. I've had had had had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion you know know know know you know um for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried tried tried tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or or or or whatever platform so well okay you listen to the sporting big and on. All right right right right. So today so today so today so today I'm going like so okay to be be be be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day happens so so so so so uh this month. So basically so basically so basically so basically the MLB is is is is in a really weird weird place right I mean uh like now considering the Astros Astros Astros Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's like I mean mean mean mean like possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't really really really really um um uh know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make make make make my predictions for next so like I mean year. So To put it lightly. I think think think think I think I think I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down so so so so okay like the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this this this this episode were um I mean um journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following following following following the Colombian national team's loss in I mean um like the World Cup. It It It It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia like like uh uh uh uh the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history you know okay okay okay okay like tune in right? Your everyday your everyday your everyday your everyday to our March March March March Madness special listen free well uh well on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast podcast podcast podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia well like uh second match in in in in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that that that that you know um like podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at at at at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts you know um like. There are various tiers with with with with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive like I mean mean mean mean so a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a a a a part you know so uh of a Nori book club get special access to Nori Nori Nori Nori events. Go take go take go take go take a well so well look at patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom patreoncom. Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being you know know know know uh I mean lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, know, know, know, we like to do so uh um this list of goodies is subject to change change change change and we'd very much like your feedback. Is I mean uh uh there there there there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here like I mean mean mean mean um honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer offer offer offer to you. You can uh well well send an email to podcast at Nori.com or or or or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in like um I mean our newsletter, which which which which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so um I mean mean mean mean you know much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while while while while since I mean um okay we had episode with just me and Gerard So So So So today we're going to have a uh um so discussion about the ethics of flipping flipping flipping flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the conversation today is um well um just just just just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up from the so so so so I mean I mean original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and and and and now onto the episode. Hot like you know you know cake flipping okay, okay, okay, okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon okay like like like like like to leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL the NFL the NFL the the the the NFL combine is over. We're recording this um well you know on Monday morning morning morning morning. So at so at so at so at this point we've at least least least least had a couple you know I mean okay days to digest some of the performances performances performances performances from the skill position players and that's what um well you know we're going to to to to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the um okay you know combine combine combine combine. And I know I said this on last week's show but I have well uh well to to to to reiterate you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These These These These are Incredibly uh so so talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times times times times. It's just it's just it's just it's just an example, but well like so they're they're they're they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of of of of um I mean you know a player but we did learn some some some some things some players had much better showing than so so well others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest like like like like you know you know scandals in American political history. This is number 36 36 36 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former so I mean uh Congressman was charged with three three three three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for okay well well well well well personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting getting getting getting ready to okay um um participate in a sting mission for the FBI the the the the past few years on the hill like I mean uh had been tough tough tough tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking around his like uh uh uh uh like Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun you you you you know well you know his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He He He He could play nice for you know I mean so a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had well well well well you know okay I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out out out out of the head um like um and why that's important. And that's what today's today's today's today's episode is all about me and be at had you know well like an amazing conversation conversation conversation conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on what so I mean I mean mean mean mean she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source and you you you you know I mean you know spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it it it it was recorded. Quite some time ago well I mean okay. I haven't been publishing the podcast podcast podcast podcast as frequently as I would like. So my so my so my so my my my my apologies well like um on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't I I I I don't I don't I don't know exactly what that so okay uh schedule is is is is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just be I mean okay well well well well on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed and and and and you'll I mean um uh get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we um um um um you know so chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through through through through up something delicious so okay um and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to to to to this episode of The Magic on the inside okay you know well podcast. I'm Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to um so uh help help help help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic you know know know know like okay in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about well well well well okay I mean the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper deeper deeper deeper into some of uh so um the most notorious subjects every week in addition addition addition addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're um well so exploring the most most most most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've I mean you you you you know so collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to to to to help us explore uh um uh ideas. Ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world okay you know know know know okay really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or so so so so um well wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will will will will be posted um I mean okay in the description today. We're discussing cases cases cases cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the the the the boys okay I mean uh from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen Onsen Onsen Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are how are how are how are okay uh you know we we we we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said said said said uh you know you know with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's got an incredible story, well well I mean but but but but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what so you know know know know I mean this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr Mr Mr Mr. Devon. He's okay I mean like having his location just a block away for over four four four four years going it to the um well okay University of st. Thomas and then then then then having them on our show. I feel I feel I feel I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need um well well well well I mean more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and and and and holding fast you know okay okay to the Traditions passed down to us us us us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our so you know I mean eyes. There There There There are there are there are there are a lot of ways to get involved involved involved involved and an easy uh uh um one is to start a podcast anchor dot dot dot dot f m is a like well I mean great podcast hosting platform. If If If If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to so you know you you you you know make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow allow allow allow so I mean okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your phone or okay okay well computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So it can be heard on Spotify like um you know Apple podcast and many many many many more you can actually make some money from your podcast okay okay um with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to to to to make a podcast in one convenient you know I mean I mean location. So So So So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor well like like like like like dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm I'm I'm I'm Vincent so you know um Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot lot lot lot to talk about uh well I mean this week starting with the Scion versus versus versus versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over um okay so the past week. We got got got got the NFL. We got we got we got we got the beef between James Harden Harden Harden Harden and well okay I mean Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir sir sir sir yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on like like you you you you know it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly possibly possibly possibly the I mean uh okay Redskins drafting them. All right all right all right all all all all right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was I mean like okay okay okay okay good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to to to to well like well this week, but it's great pests who week of sports the the the the past week as okay uh so far as been amazing. We got we got we got got got got we got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers so I mean uh uh uh uh won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer and answer and answer and answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello hello hello hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring you know so okay a room in the the the the village hall for the evening of September the first let okay I mean okay okay okay okay me just see. Yes, we yes, we yes, we yes, we have both both both both rooms available that evening. There's our you know so you know main hall that's that's that's that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton well uh so room. Sorry the the the the sorry the sorry the sorry the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got got got got seating for well like I mean up to 100. Well, we are are are are organizing a dinner to raise money for a okay uh you know charity and and and and we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so I okay okay okay okay so okay think we'll go for the main hall. How much how much how much how much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable suitable suitable suitable for you know well like work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after after after after dark but well um I mean it's a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John John John John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky um well you know nib episode 17. Hey John John John John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like I mean okay I I I I mean a month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal like you know okay. It's terrible. We usually record In advance and we caught up up up up on well like like all of our episodes. So this so this so this so so so so this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes I mean you know know know know well. Yes. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be editing in the air air air air on the way to Baltimore. When do you you know like um leave Thursday morning? morning morning morning Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice okay okay okay okay okay well Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again we're again we're we're we're we're again we're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing uh uh uh uh um I mean what it means to be a mother and a sexual being being being being welcome back well I mean uh to the mangas and podcast this week. We are are are are so excited to sit down with so like um the authors of wild Power Power Power Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an okay uh um amazing amazing amazing amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do how how how how do how do how do I mean like like you use our menstrual cycle cycle cycle cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum okay you know I mean mean mean mean void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women women women women who okay um like work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana Chicana Chicana Chicana. And I and I and I and I am here to tell you well like well well well well about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the the the the uh like I mean app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it it it it from a friend I mean okay I mean of mine who actually does it it it it as well because I thought at first oh my gosh, I mean um um um um like I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to like I I I I mean you know do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I I I I want to ensure like um well that all our voices out here in the the the the Midwest get heard and how do like like you know we do that on a a a a platform without spending a lot of ton of um okay um money, especially when when when when you don't know what to do. So she told me well you know like like like like about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record okay I I I I mean well and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute like like like like you know okay your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many like um I mean more and you can make money with your your your your pockets, which is the most well um uh amazing thing ever with no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. So if so if so if so if you're ready, I'm going to tell tell tell tell um okay like you right now to just do it. It's everything you need to make make make make a podcast in one well okay I mean place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England England England England. Join us okay okay um as we discuss the ever-changing character character character character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab your D6 um okay you know and and and and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll. My name well well well well I mean like is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and and and and only Ben Curry to talk so um um about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm I'm I'm I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird listen so um I mean to you at normal normal normal normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is it so I mean I I I I mean time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I I I I should turn you know you know well to be like this really quickly is that you you you you know, my dulcet tones um I mean um at times to you surely want to to to to listen to me, you know, get get okay like like the Full Effect one more in gram gram gram gram or it cram more of me in um uh okay right? So what so what so what what what what so what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need to to to to worry like well well or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, this is just what uh okay so I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at at at at some point and movement really seems to make all um like well the difference which which which which I think is so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are you know I I I I mean you know joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's actually turned turned turned turned into um okay so a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together together together together. And so well I mean you know today we are going to be having a a a a conversation about her journey that led up to her and I mean um well well well well I working together where she's at. Now what she likes about our time together things you you you you know um okay that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes goes goes goes. But the but the but the but the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just they're they're they're they're just they're just they're just okay um so making Mindy cocktails and probably that and and and and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's uh okay um usually a bunch of like like like like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally you know so you you you you know like analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I okay well you know can't wait either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going going going going to see a little bit a I mean like so little my hole with a little little little little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say you know well well that that that that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm I'm I'm I'm like uh okay Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, so I like well I mean guess we're going to try and just talk about something something something something reason that's happened in okay like okay the news and I think the bigger story story story story which we thought was kind of you know you know so entertaining was Donald Trump Trump Trump Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to uh like you know know know know India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, there, there, there, I mean, okay um I mean um look before we These I know everyone like beats beats beats beats up on Trump all the uh okay you know time and we've tried to to to to avoid it because they like to be boring right now well like you you you you know. I want I want I want I want to hear about this. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious um um well. So I think I I I I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff uh okay you know know know know. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean mean mean mean like so so you know he tried his hardest to get there like to talk talk talk talk about them, which is good I mean I mean okay. I mean who's having a a a a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? um uh uh Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor pastor pastor pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you I mean I mean so so much for for for for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You okay uh uh uh uh uh inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check um well well well well um out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who who who who we um okay I mean are as a church and I just want to I I I I just want to take um um so this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you you you you to listen because I believe um um okay in deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God God God God may God may God may God go in and bring it um so well on on on on. I believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge acknowledge like I mean uh the Holy Spirit to be in our midst who can you you you you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode you know so like includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find find find find offensive. We advise uh I mean I mean Extreme Caution for children under 13. It It It It was it was it was it was a cold and rainy January night in okay okay okay okay like okay 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson Slauson Slauson Slauson a well like well pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit lit lit lit Street weighed you know you know like down by the heavy carrying case in in in in her hand. She had she had she had she had come to Aloha from from from from uh okay like Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found found found found uh okay well endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Scott Knudson call today so so like. I'm talking I'm talking I'm I'm I'm I'm talking I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and and and and a you know um well national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of of of of Performing. She was selected as the like um I mean principal euphonium player for for for for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 choose so I I I I mean um accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of of of of the well I mean like top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently recently recently recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound of I mean so I mean America the most most most most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed like like well well well well second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo solo solo solo competition like okay I mean. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth youth youth youth he's life which has 33 like uh okay thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made with only the well okay okay freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for for for for spreading on your morning well okay so Bagel. Now where you get that big big big big ol should be the only subject for um like um debate the cream cheese itself itself itself itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since you know I mean I I I I mean 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is is is is Chris Ryan. I I I I I I I I mean like well am am am am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have um um well well well well the floor. Southwest Airlines southwest Airlines southwest Airlines southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this okay I mean so episode of the hottest take sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline well so like of the the the the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like okay okay okay okay well like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or or or or go to I mean um um Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It It It It has made it. So uh so uh so uh so uh um um easy easy easy easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so so so so easy. If I I mean well uh had only known it like five ten years years years years before early because all I need to uh well okay do is download the the the the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just so like well click post and and and and anchor will do all the job for me. It will okay like I I I I mean publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are are are are available I mean um like and I do not need to do anything anything anything anything else. So this is just too like well so awesome guys. You also also also also need to make use of it. If you have a message you know like like like like uh if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out out out out to okay okay well the world or simply want to post something make sure you use use use use this. Mascara uh um uh. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast podcast podcast podcast. So this so this so this so this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one one one one I mean you know uh Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 20/20 20/20 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the um um uh Bitcoin in motion five-digit five-digit five-digit five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going we're going we're going we're going to to to to talk about uh so I mean that today Relentless. This is this is this this this this is this is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by I mean mean mean mean um so selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you you you you you know okay you know a little bit today about some happen to me the other other other other day and they've so okay I mean asked me if I tell you about it it it it just because it kind of changed my life so so you know. I think think think think I think I think I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed changed changed changed my aunts life okay uh I mean changed everybody's life. So I was down down down down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I like okay uh walked in there and and and and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't so okay uh working working working working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters um um um um I mean um kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got I I I I got I got I got something I need to well okay so tell tell tell tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He He He He said you know like well I want to tell you about something that I I I I found out they if you haven't uh um you know heard about it. I think think think think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called you know um so so so so anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, like, like, like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This This This This is Charles so well you know Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're We're We're We're super excited today. We've got a couple um well um of a couple cool cool cool cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on Mandalorian you know okay okay okay okay you know season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see see see see what's going on over so you know I mean in the Philippines. I'm not much much much much is going on still saying The coronavirus uh I mean well care still happening, happening, happening, happening, but we're still standing here. So let's so let's so let's so let's fucking fucking fucking fucking do this. I uh I uh I uh I uh you know so want to to to to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and something uh well like like like like I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening um um um um so okay know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We We We We both we both we both we both liked it um you know okay a lot lot lot lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of so um um um um so any kind and so before I share it with you. I want I want I want I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time time time time Proverbs 13 11 okay well like. I read a story recently about a 24 24 24 24 year old who went to so so um visit a financial planner the financial planner planner planner planner asked to see her spending habits the author of well okay so the article shared that that that that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks um um well well well well of financial reflection. She found she found she found she found that she didn't have have have have to give up things. She really uh I mean well loved to save money money money money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her you know know know know uh uh to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each which which which which each which each which each lasted about an hour they like like uh discussed her her her her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and well like okay okay okay okay addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare prepare prepare prepare like so okay and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the the the the Bible is full of you know like so wise advice on how to handle handle handle handle and how to view Money In fact money so okay you know is mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs well like uh uh uh uh we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone Calderone Calderone Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career um um like paths creative Endeavors and the the the the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast I mean I mean like about taking taking taking taking The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating you know uh like the the the the hurdles and Hoops. We all we all we all we all jump through on this this this this personal and creative Journey. I'm your okay um you know host. Host Athena Calderone author author author author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist well I mean like like like like Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of of of of things you know well okay to do? Well it is and that's exactly exactly exactly exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to you know I mean um be sitting sitting sitting sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk like you know well well well well through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a a a a lot like you know you know beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about about about about peace and you kill cuz it's um well like fun. You have you have you have have have have you have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments comments comments comments uh uh so participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast podcast podcast podcast me. But I but I but I but I guess that's cool Gary okay I I I I mean well research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy guy guy guy is capoeira pushed um like well. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity case at page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan well I mean I mean the the the the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies policies policies policies you know I mean um of Spotify or the producer and curator of of of of this podcast listeners discretion is advised well like well. Because the cell kumarangiri or or or or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean um like. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that that that that allow you to record and you know okay so edit your podcast right from your your your your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for okay like like you. So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can um um um um okay you know make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you you you you need I mean like um to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up up up up or good Echo the so okay so FM to get started. Hi, this is is is is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so well you you you you know well excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means means means means wisdom expansion well so you know assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth wealth wealth wealth is not just about um um so how much money you have in your bank bank bank bank account. It's about it's about it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your so so so so like so personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the the the the uh okay I mean word of God you can seem to be dying light and and and and it will be I mean so like priced. This is this is this is is is is this is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John John John John 15 verses okay um um 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So So So So have I Loved You you know um you know Now remain in my love. If If If If you keep my commands, you will remain in my love well like I mean just as as as as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love I have you know know know know um um told you this so that my joy may be in you and that that that that your joy so um you know may be complete. My command my command my command command command command my command is this love each other as I have loved you uh like I I I I mean greater love has no one than this to lay down one's life for As As As As friends you okay like I mean are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want want want want to um okay well thank you for your support and listening to each episode and and and and I hope you you know um uh enjoy this one. If you haven't heard heard heard heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast I mean uh you know. It's totally totally totally totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast like like like like well uh right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for I mean mean mean mean I mean well you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast and many you know uh um more you can also make money from your your your your podcast. It's everything you need to make a I mean uh I mean successful successful successful successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, uh hey, hey, hey, hey, uh hey, uh hey, uh I mean okay what's up guys today? We have what is is is is perhaps the oldest question in the book okay you know like one that mankind mankind mankind mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I I I I mean okay uh I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some some some some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half half half half Molly's okay uh uh. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore anymore anymore anymore. I'm just like so so playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? saying saying saying My name my name my name my name is Holly. I'm um uh uh uh uh like with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to to to to well um like you is go ahead. And anyways, and anyways, and anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, and anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is this is this is this is is is is an episode that originally uh okay well aired on YouTube. So the used to to to to be a visual element. There is not you know so I mean any more more more more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the you know know know know so uh dog or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the the the the video version. This um um uh is why this audio version exists. If you you you you if you if you if you like us doing this, please do leave okay um um um um uh us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get I I I I mean like uh into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as as as as a genius of entertainment a wizard I mean I mean okay of animation. A A A A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on I I I I mean um I mean today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated understated understated understated. You could you could you could you could love him. You okay like okay can hate him him him him or you can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his you you you you know like you know work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest greatest greatest greatest export but well, it's not you know uh so is actually travel and transportation transportation transportation transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all show last night took took took took a surprising turn when like you know like Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and and and and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her like like I mean reading shockingly racist racist racist racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was okay uh okay handled Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on I mean mean mean mean uh uh Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to to to to have like like okay its cake and eat it too with with with with one trending post led by user and so okay uh ingenious username saying how how how how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for well um okay bullying and the the the the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point I mean well well well well well at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their um you you you you know so role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run run run run around the notion I mean uh I mean of having a villain. You can't guarantee guarantee guarantee guarantee an engagement or a happily ever you know okay well after but every single season season season season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging you know so okay up up up up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here here here here at well you know well College Christian church for the college age. And today we we we we are talking about um you know okay emotions or loneliness in our emotions podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor so um like. How you doing? doing doing doing Girl? I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing so good. Good. We're so we're we're we're we're so we're so we're so happy to have you um you know I mean here here here here. Taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is going to walk us us us us through her journey with loneliness. Enos so enos so enos so enos so um um um um so as our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that that that that journey of um uh you know loneliness started with you? It started in high high high high school. I could see it sprouting, but so like um I had a good Community Community Community Community there, but it really started to take effect my I mean so okay first year year year year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind kind kind kind well uh well of came about in college? Well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri okay um I mean Southern but I I I I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the it's the the the the it's the it's the easiest so well okay way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me well um I mean to provide you you you you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation so uh so tools that allow allow allow allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone so so um computer computer computer computer. You may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor anchor anchor anchor well you know um made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from from from from my phone uh like uh. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one convenient place. You can download I mean well so the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at you know know know know well you know the Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to to to to try and well okay okay provide an exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So So So So today's reading is from so uh um Matthew chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus said jesus said jesus said jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how how how how uh like I mean it was said you must love your neighbor and and and and hate your enemy. But I say you know uh so this to you love love love love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this um well so way way way way. You will you will you will you will be sons of your father in in in in Heaven for he causes his sun uh okay uh to rise on bad men as well well well well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f f f f m well um so. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives gives gives gives you everything you I mean you know uh need to record edit. Plus they'll they'll they'll they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major um like so channels including Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make well well um money with with with with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go you you you you know uh I mean to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the first episode of who the the the the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with well I mean like poles and some some some some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of I mean I mean mean mean mean like two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by uh uh uh uh I mean well Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for for for for a song um you know uh by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the the the the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when you know you know you know polls at at at at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap from from from from you know like well two birds and we go through the episode and we we we we try and have a well well so taste of all of them. I don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two you you you you know okay okay episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading dissuading dissuading dissuading her boyfriend Conrad well I mean uh Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions occasions occasions occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged uh I mean you know him him him him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death so um you you you you know or did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear hear hear hear more you know so I mean about So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free free free free on Spotify or wherever like um um you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic graphic graphic graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion um um uh is advised this episode includes discussions discussions discussions discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one one one one word well well okay. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to to to to start and make a podcast. I'll um I mean okay explain you see with anchor anchor anchor anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow uh um so you to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once and once once once once and once and once you I mean so uh finish recording you let anchor take take take take care of Distributing your podcast too many different okay well like platforms, including Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's and it's and it's and it's that easy now not only only only only is Anchor um uh I mean easy to use but it's profitable to with with with with anchor it's possible for you to make like um I mean money talking about the the the the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know well um well you're probably thinking thinking thinking thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true. How much you know know know know so like is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? zero zero zero It does not cost you anything. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing you know know know know um so show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm I'm I'm I'm here. Maybe it's so I mean um just beginner podcaster faux pas. But But But But what about all the people who aren't listening in so so uh the morning? Good night night night night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that um so you know. Does Does Does Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are like okay okay okay okay um listening to our little podcast. We say we say we say we say thanks for for for for coming back Corey. Thanks uh well so for listening for the first time. We're really glad glad glad glad you're nice to meet you how I mean um I mean it look like you hit play play play play Hey for all of you that like well uh haven't done this already already already already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five uh like I mean stars stars stars stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, morning, morning, morning, you you know uh well can follow us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a a a a 30 uh so you know day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism autism autism autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles to like you know okay choose from for your your your your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into today's um um um um well I mean episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you you you you about making authentic so I mean so friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode Episode Episode Episode 34 of Adventures in you know I mean I mean autism. She is an an an an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that enables I mean mean mean mean okay so children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make make make make friends based on age well you know uh interest diagnosis and geographic location parents parents parents parents and caregivers can also sign up to I mean um well connect with other other other other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our our our our podcast host like you know so many of you might already know that we record each episode episode episode episode using anchor, but well well uh if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you you you you need to know. It's the um I mean okay easiest most efficient way way way way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with okay so so so so um no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow allow allow allow you to so I mean you know record and edit your podcast right from from from from your phone or computer anchor distributes your okay okay like podcast for you. That you you you you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms like um uh and and and and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a a a a podcast uh okay okay in one place. So get on it and go go go go download the free anchor app or go uh I mean okay to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- and get started today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are you are you are you are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It It It It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor uh well okay Dame's first spring practice practice practice practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know about you okay like like like like like guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august if uh uh uh uh well okay I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with with with with and I mean so okay we certainly have something to work with feel like like like like we're answering August questions in okay um so February. I know I know know know know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and well well like That's That's That's That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our belt belt belt belt we uh I mean um can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I I I I want to start with okay like okay the in book because and Pete Pete Pete Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday of the so okay okay guys guys guys guys that stood out to you and I put out a list this so like well well well well morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and so I I I I mean you know I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out out out out your list, but so um so but Ian but I mean I thought he he he he and book. I mean I mean I mean I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this this this this podcast. I well uh uh hope to emphasize truth on the reality reality reality reality of being restored to life again through stories like well you know testimonies and casual casual casual casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time messy um well okay okay okay okay. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have I have have have have I have I have my um uh you know good friend will with me me me me on the show. What up, he is from Texas okay so you know. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're so um um um um like just going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and and and and what that well I mean you know looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I I I I so just tell me a little bit about yourself you know um well to start start start start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for like like like like so like the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova then then then then Tova then Tova then Tova breakfast is I mean um you know also also also also sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia I I I I mean well uh will be myth karev to her proper. She look today as as as as well as all the like well you know singles of marriageable age. And as well well well well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo like well like three, so in loving loving loving loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key um I I I I mean I mean a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his his his his mat raffaella empanadas uh you know uh and watch them out for my in maruyama maruyama maruyama maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom uh I mean um family Robert. I Robert Robert Robert Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked so like like like like so it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking asking asking asking this is I mean well uh a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up up up up as tech fans? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Aztec like well well well well uh breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined joined joined joined by anybody today as um um um has become custom just because of scheduling things things things things. Like I've said today the plan is I mean you know you know I you you you you know, I really struggled over the course of the week to come up like well well well well I mean with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, I woke woke woke woke up this so well uh morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're We're We're We're your so okay like hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to to to to tell you guys about you know okay you know the Florence hair salon salon salon salon murders in Montana. And this and this and this and this was a case suggestion by by by by I mean like you know a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you you you you so much for listening so um like and leaving a comment for us and and and and we're excited to share this case with you um so um support yourselves a a a a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a um you know know know know so customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her her her her nails done like so like. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a a a a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw she saw she saw she saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how how how how okay I mean I mean the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of of of of murder. Sometimes it takes years to connect so um uh a Killers crimes crimes crimes crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would eventually uh um well be be be be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for for for for police okay well I mean to connect him to four other murders murders murders murders years and a clever. A gator who okay okay you know got got got got the DNA he needed. So if so if so if so if you like your your your your coffee hot, but your bones chilled you know like I mean sit back and start start start start your day with a morning cup of murder on May 6th I mean like you you you you know. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was brew was brew was was was was brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment okay okay you know. She had had had had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let let let let um I mean like me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make a podcast. Let I mean well you know me explain first. It's free free free free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools well you know I I I I mean that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your phone or computer you know well um and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So going to be heard on Spotify so okay you know Apple podcasts and many many many many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can um I mean okay make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to need to to to to need to need to make a you know okay so podcast in one place place place place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out there um um okay okay okay okay download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get well like okay started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can you you you you can you can you can listen to all so well like of your favorite favorite favorite favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free um um um um you know I mean. You don't you don't you don't you don't even even even even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every you you you you know like like topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys guys guys guys. Welcome to the third episode okay okay um of my beach hats. How are are are are you guys doing today? I hope you had a you know you you you you know like good day. We're using we're using we're using we're using the mic mic mic mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, I mean okay like except it's on on on on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each like um um um um well other. You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this you you you you know so I mean episode. Whoa. Um, we've got some great stuff in store for for for for you. We have a um so you know stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to like you you you you know okay talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way to make a podcast so you know okay. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit like okay uh your podcast right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your okay okay okay okay so okay podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple Apple Apple Apple pie case and okay uh I mean many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership and it's uh you know like everything you need to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor like I mean um app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going um so like like like like to love this one? I put out so much content that if you you you you listen you know uh well to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode is being brought to you you know okay like by anchor if you aren't aware aware aware aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and so I mean like distribution side and an an an an app is well, if you aren't aware of what so like okay it is. It's It's It's It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and well so well find find find find out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various various various various you know like well different platforms. It also has a lot of editing tools tools tools tools where you can edit um I mean uh your podcast right from a a a a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need you know okay you you you you know to have a nice podcast all in one place. So, please so, so, so, so, please so, please so, please go ahead okay I mean so and download the anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor or FM to get started I mean uh um um um um. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's and it's it's it's it's and it's and it's going good. Pretty okay pretty okay pretty okay pretty okay okay okay okay I mean uh good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom like like like like you know okay wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy Brandy Brandy Brandy is going to so well like hell and today is going to be extremely extremely extremely extremely exciting. I have Adam okay um well Breeze of Raven I with us but before before before before we hop into that, I just like um um wanted to go over I sold sold sold sold myself short on the last episode about my um um you know romantic capabilities. I I I I think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I okay I mean mean mean mean okay don't remember what I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I I I I write thoughtful like well well cards out, but I personally think I've trumped trumped trumped trumped his romantic capability is because I um I mean um got him a heart-shaped heart-shaped heart-shaped heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake you know so um and I I I I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners Runners Runners Runners for runners we go to guide like uh you know to get stronger bulletproofing bulletproofing bulletproofing bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing like so well we're passionate passionate passionate passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and well so uh accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow so well well well well I mean runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and mcIntosh and mcIntosh and mcIntosh and and and and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition okay like like and weightlifting coach and and and and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates like okay um expert extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and okay okay okay okay you know well on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our our our our Facebook Community by um um you know clicking visit group on our page and and and and sending us a member of West if I mean um uh you're enjoying the show, please, please, please, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes well okay you know and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask ask ask ask okay uh well that is my best friend since the second grade when I was was was was seven years old um well uh Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a a a a sty Fergus Ace so you know well Qbert Boos. Oh the clown clown clown clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you uh I mean uh uh uh uh I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the so so so so like like reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has has has has a propensity well uh um to disappear and I'm not saying like three four four four four weeks at a time um well you know or maybe even a couple days when when when when I get my sad boy well okay uh moments. I'm talking six months to to to to a year. This man can disappear at you know you know like times. He has has has has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business business business business um um you know owners looking for a better way in business and life this this this this week. We're looking for okay like so a better way to manage our our our our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? so I mean uh uh uh uh I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I like like like like I just uh I mean well went to revisit it a wee bit and I I I I realized so much of this stuff uh so so. I didn't realize I was doing since since since since I read this book, but it kind of you know well so just there there there there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my routine because I you know so so so so I mean was aware of a way to do things better integrate at the Texas Texas Texas Texas integrated you know so okay. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use use use use it. I you I you I you I you know you know you know know know know know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello. Hi um um um um hi um hi um hi um you know uh. Hello. Oh the fox. I I I I thought the voice of God special guest for haven't eaten well uh uh the the the the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the um I I I I mean um title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator translator translator translator I mean you know I mean is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So So So So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us okay well okay who you are and and and and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your your your your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge uh I mean so today today today today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick so stick so stick so stick around around around around when I was a kid you know I mean okay. Kid growing up in Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota. Oh, maybe oh, maybe oh, maybe oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years years years years old you know um so. I was having a tough time making a decision on on on on whether I wanted to accept so you know you know an offer to play in in in in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet player um okay okay. Already playing already already already already playing already playing already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and so so so so like uh the community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by by by by listeners like you to uh I mean you know become a supporter of Legends cast visit visit visit visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and uh I mean I mean mean mean mean welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community okay okay okay okay well well of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the like like like like okay um lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This This This This is this is this is this is so well uh a bit of of of of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I like okay you know could could could could not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to well um like all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free free free free without a premium so uh like account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on on every imaginable topic plus you so um you know can follow your favorite podcast. So So So So you never miss an episode premium users can I mean okay um download download download download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening listening listening listening well I mean uh to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already Ready, so okay okay be sure to download the Spotify app search search search search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify like well I mean or browse podcasts in in in in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me so uh you know. So So So So you so you so you so you never miss an episode of Optimal Health Health Health Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode like uh um 948 the benefits of of of of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel um you know uh Trotta of of of of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic I mean so okay hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic traumatic traumatic traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior well well you know and may occur due to low low low low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years you know okay I mean of of of of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be you you you you know okay so required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these these these these injuries are so well okay traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries injuries injuries injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries okay well you know are more common than than than than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more you know so so common common common common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged uh I I I I mean well less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports sports sports sports injury or a trip okay you know uh and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky I mean mean mean mean you know uh at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward forward forward forward Tyler did all that like okay I mean all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun the leprechaun the leprechaun the leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest like like like like um okay Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the the the the island uh uh okay. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody uh so uh and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those those those those of you uh um you know who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day day day day before and there were some uh uh um major major news dropped today and I'm sure sure sure sure you know about it. I don't know how uh so uh much time you've had had had had to think about this but this is a new story that okay you know know know know so really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's time time time time you have you know uh so any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette it is about the new baby. I well okay well figured we'd talk about it it it it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did as much well uh like research research research research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most most most most um well okay Sinister. I cannot I cannot I cannot I cannot defile seems seems seems seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to um so well buy tickets to to to to come to your shows. You don't you don't you don't you don't need this this this this right here. I okay so um promise you you want the Moon just say the word word word word and I'll throw well uh well a lasso around. Hey guys, this is is is is Joe. He's a quick little intro on okay like okay what you're about to to to to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a so so you know know know know teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So So So So I mean like uh he asked Jonny to come in talk about culture culture culture culture and Johnny kills so um I mean it it's really good talks about core values values values values talks about how important those are okay well you know and how vital it is is is is to know what your core values are so you so uh you know can create create create create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope I hope I hope I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled uh uh uh uh well you know programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have have have have our Flamingo um uh um correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity Felicity Felicity Felicity. Arango from the American Museum so well um of Natural History. You heard her on on on on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode so um I mean where we we we we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah um so okay. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today today today today. Sure. I don't um like so know if you're on social media, but on on on on Twitter and Instagram there has um like I mean been a flamingo event event event event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, it was, it it it it was, it was, you like okay um know brought to my attention by by by by a few people. It looks like you know like so a picture from a flamingo flamingo flamingo flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the the the the so okay so SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your I'm your your your your I'm your I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here uh well so with Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and oh and oh and oh oh oh oh and you're the CEO like you know like season 21 episode 15 swim. Being Being Being Being with being with being with being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great great great great. If you okay um um haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead ahead ahead ahead of time that well um well if you find yourself in a situation where where where where you need help, please reach you know okay um out to rain. They are wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three um so you you you you know one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic errands and parking cars cars cars cars can be a chore but a great car so you know so can be an an an an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require you you you you know okay you know. There's a there's a there's a there's a car out there there there there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm I mean okay I mean Todd. I'm I'm I'm I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so happy well like like like like okay for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy happy happy happy for me um you know you know. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly Honestly Honestly Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter sort you know so you know of revelatory isn't isn't isn't isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last started it the well uh uh uh uh you know day after Christmas because I had to get it out of the garage garage garage garage like you know I mean and having some work done start start. I'm trying trying trying trying to wrap my head like um okay around this you started it last night night night night started was the day after Christmas. So I mean well okay that's been like like like like what three months as of this report. Last time like um you know. It moved moved moved moved it moved it moved it moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh gosh gosh gosh. So the tires you know like uh by the way, where there's there's there's there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted well like like it's not not not not a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like Like Like Like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm one of your hosts okay well um um um um hard and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon uh so you you you you know believe it or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some some some some of the uh uh um Daleks 64 our last page of rough road today. We We We We thought that I know you know well you know whoo-hoo today. We thought for for for for today's death. We would actually just it's really just uh like so part of an an an an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we so you know know know know well can glean from some of its insights will start with a murabbi murabbi murabbi murabbi oven which is I mean I mean okay Really the first topic that's on on on on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and like so I mean such trash to to to to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter movers Netter movers Netter movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about about about about academic research and evidence-based I mean uh okay practice with continuing professional development at PNA PNA PNA PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to uh so um teachers welcome welcome welcome welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development I mean like well well well well trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Back Back Back uh well so Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section section section section or the usual okay okay like podcast pedagogy section where it's me and and and and Rings into music film and books. They will you know like well return next week week week week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful well I mean well ormer ormer ormer ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is that I'm recording recording recording recording like okay you know especially early in the week this week because I have just just just just been recording um well okay a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are hey, are hey, are hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you you you you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you well so like like thinking deep. Yeah. How How How How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got well I mean I mean mean mean mean the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as I mean I I I I mean um we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness silliness silliness silliness theological and comical uh I mean well. Hey, if hey, if hey, if hey, if if if if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're We're We're We're like so okay just kidding about that. I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying saying saying saying like like a couple of issues like uh well um hey, I got a couple couple couple couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we okay um um don't don't don't don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris you know know know know so you know Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one one one one sounds better like okay um. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our okay uh um podcast is first time time time time something new just you know had an idea one day like I mean mean mean mean you know well hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and and and and sometimes we're going uh um you know to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, hey, hey, hey, you know might as well try you know uh you know to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the the the the uh so well gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode mode mode mode Model S and plasmid I mean uh okay model X on Tesla by this is is is is something I'm really really excited about from you know um uh a financial perspective. So So So So going so going so going so going to nerd out on this shout out to to to to the third um so I mean row podcast. I came up the idea for for for for this episode. We were just recording well okay okay and we're talking about this new track track track track package that came out for the model 3 okay okay like. It's It's It's It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking like like like like I mean okay new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already already already already cost 60 Grand and um well well then you pay five and a half Grand Grand Grand Grand more for these new tires and these okay you know so brake pads which are are are are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten you know I mean mean mean mean like some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just just just just thinking so so I mean like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort sort sort sort of this luxury Performance well okay like Brand to upsell all of these fancy new new new new features and services that sort I mean so uh of Die Hard fans fans fans fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is I mean so so so so I mean one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be uh well well well well like telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best best best best app to use um okay uh for any type of podcast. It's free free free free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer uh well okay or any other device device device device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it you know you know okay okay okay okay doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast um so um um um um more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need I I I I mean like um in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any Any Any Any type any type any type any type of podcast I mean um okay I think this this this this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done okay um I I I I mean. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I well well well don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're We're We're We're going we're going we're going we're going okay well like to talk about the combine combine combine combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going okay uh okay to get the best best best best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when uh like like like like like you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a having a having a a a a having a blast here today shows a good uh um uh one. Nice Feel nice Feel Feel Feel Feel nice Feel nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We We We We uh well you know have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the the the the New Orleans I mean I mean I mean Saints playoff game that you would would would would want to hear the answer from has a um well like very good answer. Also Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the okay like um other conversation conversation conversation conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you like um um um um uh enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean I mean I mean I I I I mean you could do okay um um a lot of other things with with with with your earholes right now. A lot of the things I mean um okay people say say say say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips um like okay all all all all the time. I love I love I love I love me too. I love Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips to there's a war on I mean okay so Q-tips, by the way, though though though though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that um like like like like like you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look look look look no you know like okay further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast I mean uh you know. Literally it's free. There's There's There's There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host you know um um um um um your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast right uh well so from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your your your your podcast for you. So you okay um uh don't have to mindlessly or in in in in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple so you know I mean mean mean mean and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm I'm I'm I'm your podcast you know um you know with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything that you want in a podcast in one place place place place. You okay um uh have something to say you want to get it out. You You You You want to write a like well I mean note just upload and turn turn turn turn on your anchor app on your phone and well um well hit record and and and and save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you if you if you if if if if you haven't heard about um like like anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent uh um uh free this this this this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your I I I I mean well uh phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the the the the rest. It's going okay you know well to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many well so uh more on top top top top of that. You can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum I mean um uh listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and and and and one place download the um um like free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started. You're listening okay well I mean to the high up up up up Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me okay okay I mean to to to to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals um um um um you know I mean. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of my my my my money by well um so flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with with with with you and sharing my well you know well best practices. You learn my process process process process the lessons. I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned and more importantly who who who who you okay well so should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the the the the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't you know I mean so I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya Maya Maya Maya my guarantee but well like like like buy a gun belts in rebates and and and and discuss in a mica covid um um okay Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use use use use our code. That's KU Z AZ and like well I mean me honking honking honking honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen to our so okay okay okay okay um full Kodak bad habit by again. This is this is this is this is huge huge huge huge and you're listening to good answers okay like uh. Hi, I'm youths and we we we we are living to have you here with us on good well like like like like I mean desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka Makka Makka Makka bit behind. This is Martin um I mean like. This Iris and this is is is is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our it's our it's our it's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every every every every day in March. We're counting down the okay like uh top 31 Sports Kindles of the the the the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from 1992. When uh you know uh the the the the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths from the the the the Philippines well um you know. It was a team that captivated the world until until until until deceptions of age and geography I mean well I mean came to light and and and and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history tune like uh you you you you know in right here. Day to day to day to day to our March Madness special special special special listen free on Spotify or wherever you you know I mean like get your podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known um I mean you know know know know event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read don't read don't read don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm 91. He clearly declares some so you know okay 91 over your life. No No No No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead like okay uh the blood of of of of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even come come come come okay I mean like close. The fault the fault the fault the the the the fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did okay okay okay okay so I mean you hear this more people are dying now and this was was was was happening is coming close some you know okay so of already coming to India India India India. I don't know whether it's going to come to like um uh Hyderabad don't invite is is is is not a good guest is that it kicked out you know okay you you you you know of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast podcast podcast podcast I mean um you know. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? going going going Say hi. Hello. So on you know like uh this episode we are man for episode episode episode episode is really funny because we're just kind of well well so diving. All right into into into into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories uh like well. I have I have I have have have have I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call call call call it you know uh uh vol 1 but cat you want to so who who who who were your roommates and like so um what happened? Okay, so I extended so I I I I had I lived in a so like um four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I so I I I I so I so I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just uh I mean mean mean mean so what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part part part part of what we are I mean so okay talking about in today's episode. So So So So let's so let's so let's so let's get things started. The coronavirus is is is is the Talk um so you know of the Town right now and today I I I I want to cover it in like you know um some detail from a bit bit bit bit of a different angle. All in this episode I well I mean so so so so want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial financial financial financial um I mean so emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having having having having on well everyone you know like I mean before we get into the hypothetical hypothetical hypothetical hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me me me me P frog. Hey like hey like hey like hey like you know you know know know know guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no photo photo photo photo show uh well uh. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap rap rap rap brother. I heard so so so I heard because I played it for you. This one's one's one's one's this one's this one's this one's for you man. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't I don't know okay well you know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, guys, guys, guys, welcome to the Moa so so uh. No photo show. We are a podcast podcast podcast podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster you know I mean mean mean mean like rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap rap rap rap podcast you know like uh. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so so so so don't get enough social door so so you know - yeah, you gotta be cool cool cool cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love uh I mean um Snoop Dogg not not not not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need you need you need you need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping whipping whipping whipping um you know well down the plains and up until recently that's about what I I I I knew of it well um well. But now I know it's also the ancestral ancestral ancestral ancestral home of two warring American factions so so I mean those no-good greasers and those rotten rotten rotten rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature well okay well. I'm your host host host host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just like so um um um um gets it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters like uh uh. So So So So with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are how are are are are how are how are you uh you know like today? I am really good good good good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you know I I I I mean uh you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr Dr Dr Dr like okay like. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in in in in Clinical Psychology. I'm also well like so the founder of the online group therapy therapy therapy therapy platform model that care. I love I love I love I love helping people well well well well like I mean overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each each each each week so uh well as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful helpful helpful helpful techniques for effectively dealing with so okay you know anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress stress stress stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds so so um like and feels feels feels feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and like like like like um well find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich rich rich rich full and meaningful you know I mean well life with a reputed approach a a a a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce like you know like what clients clients clients clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their um uh like like like like stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help conversations conversations conversations conversations well you know so with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Maria Maria Maria Sosa of holistically Grace so okay so as we take a deep dive into redefining and and and and exploring Health through the mind and okay you know um body. This week's week's week's week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness consultant you know so you know and and and and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their okay okay okay okay well you know voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without without without without shame. She is the well uh you know magic behind words for Wanderer loving my my my my language neon soul and my all-time favorite uh okay well the today I affirm Journal Journal Journal Journal which I have to be honest has been the only um um okay Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think think think think well okay um fags. When big when big when big when big bank and DJ DJ DJ DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the like I mean so voice of of of of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big you know I I I I mean okay fashion big bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is is is is on big fast, nobody like I mean you know. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you you you you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha um so I mean ha ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think I think I think think think think I think this is just a conversation well you know um. It's like talking to to to to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man like like like like like okay talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to to to to so okay okay do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the the the the truth okay I mean well the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast fast fast fast tradition. Can you do you know um well that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool cool cool cool. So what we left off last time we uh okay like talked it it it it was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and um um I mean mean mean mean how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you you you you okay I mean like like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast okay so so so so okay today. I'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman woman woman woman and I well like like met let's see here probably close to or right right right right at ten years ago. It's hard to okay well I mean believe that now we we we we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All okay uh like of that kind kind kind kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we well like okay okay okay okay get together. She's since she's since she's since she's since moved away and We've just just just just kind of we haven't chatted in a so uh okay while, but it was really really really really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several uh so well years years years years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her and and and and um uh uh she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to to to to share some like um I mean of her knowledge of herbs and we had had had had a really good discussion. I have I have I have I have to well uh uh uh uh you know apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do do do do before okay well like I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now you're now you're now you're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe believe believe believe that the best of you um I mean like are those who benefit others others others others so I'm a thief and here I am okay I mean I mean mean mean mean. And we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo um um um um uh well. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, man, man, man, Friday's tomorrow and you like okay uh can smell it the weekends here and that's that's that's that's when you let the freaks out uh I mean like the weekends for the freaks freaks freaks freaks. Before I before I before I before I get into this week's episode episode episode episode. I just like like well want to tell you that this Friday March March March March the 6th. I will be in Iowa um so um City at Gabe's and and and and then the next day of March the 7th. I will I will I will will will will I will so um you know be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of of of of those shows are on the um so uh E - a store. I've always I've always always always always I've always I've always wanted to play electricity. If really like um I mean mean mean mean really excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk talk talk talk about well so you know fucking up and why it's okay to fuck fuck fuck fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode okay you know um. Are the the the the are the are the are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually actually actually actually a song that um um so a fan sent in that. I think I I I I think I think I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works so so so so like I mean hard towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Adam Adam Adam Simpson and you know you know like I am joined by terrie terrie terrie terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk um like like about the dream speakers speakers speakers speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I well well well well well you know thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how uh uh uh uh okay well you doing. I am I am I am I am doing fine. I I I I was on the Midnight Express podcast to like like so talk about the woo woo woo woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half I mean mean mean mean okay like hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of of of of the Hem Caso back where like like um they take it where he takes takes takes takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for you know okay I mean two hours hours hours hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that that that that okay you know um Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at okay okay okay okay so like the same time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record record record record what so so um will be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time time time time sounds good and you know like well I work backwards and like I can can can can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our our our our listeners some additional content about well so okay the world of True Crime letting you you you you dive even deeper into some of well I mean um the most notorious subjects every week week week week in addition to your normal con artists so uh like episode. We're exploring the most fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has you know so I mean mean mean mean Network. We've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected short clips from some of of of of our most popular podcast Originals to well um uh help us explore ideas. Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected like so so the True True True True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on you you you you know I mean like Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of of of of episodes that we used will so um well be posted in the description today. We're We're We're We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates okay like so someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back so so so so I mean you know with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have have have have escalated. In the in the in the in the last so okay like few weeks weeks weeks weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of you you you you know well I mean right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and and and and over 3,000 debt and the um uh so virus has spread fast outside of China with with with with more than 70 countries now affected so you know you know and we're starting to feel feel feel feel it here in the US just this week the World uh so um Health Organization Organization Organization Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying um okay okay okay okay I mean that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get it it it it worldwide so okay I mean. So just so just so just so just how worried worried worried worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce introduce introduce introduce yourself? Sure. So my so my so my so my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is is is is so so um based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of of of of things you know okay like going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews interviews interviews interviews the celebrity um well you know for them to discuss failings in their life both both both both in their personal life okay like I mean and in their career showing how how how how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't okay I mean I mean gone gone gone gone to plan. So, my so, my so, my so, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes comes comes comes officer at mha um well so and I'm the host for this episode today. I have have have have I have I have I have the lovely off Neil I mean um like Blake Blake Blake Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life life life life um I mean so. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and and and and have a thing for uh I mean like sexy monologues. I'm Marky filter filter filter filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster uh um um um um um RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning good morning good morning good morning today today today today Hazel is not feeling very you know I mean um well Queen Hazel. And And And And so and so and so and so he's chilling at home. Please send her her her her some well wishes like uh okay. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks coming to you live. If If If If you don't know the drill you sure as I mean well well hell should should should should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for I mean like um you you you you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the okay okay okay okay you know um glass on the ones and twos and the man the solution solution solution solution to our audio that so well I mean is Tyler on the dice dice dice dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you okay uh like here Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, all right, all right, right, right, right, all right, you know like okay folks. Hang right with us here time to to to to pay the bills just to let you folks I mean um um know that with with with with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially you know so you you you you know a thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring featuring featuring featuring Advanced Skin you know so well safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits sits sits sits one of like like okay the most notorious prisons in America sing sing sing sing sing in April 1921. The criminals the criminals the criminals the criminals imprisoned there with um uh uh uh uh um a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others others others others for death okay so I mean. By that time the electric chair chair chair chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty you know you know uh three three three three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow far like like like like you know you know greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on on on on death row in I mean so okay 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old old old old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of uh uh um murdering one of his co-workers co-workers co-workers co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve okay so I mean from from from from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one no one no one no one likes a cheater but we all all all all seem to know one. Maybe it's the okay um you know reason you don't talk talk talk talk to an old friend or one of your I mean I mean okay okay okay okay parents anymore. Their Amorous their Amorous their Amorous their Amorous crime has cost them them them them your trust and respect in some cases okay so like. It's even more personal personal personal personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've um okay you know know know know even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It It It It right like you know you know after all you're in a good relationship and and and and the thought of betraying your current partner you know uh I mean seems impossible until one one one one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of I mean you know you you you you know town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find find find find us okay uh like go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link link link link in the uh you know I mean description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey Hey Hey Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / well uh um Petty Revenge the subreddit where people people people people post stories of small victories over those who dared okay uh uh to cross cross cross cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your I mean um um um um well forced. I'm out. So this so this so this so this happened happened happened happened to me years ago to the details may like um like be a a a a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother um um um um um I mean was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the the the the Navy so Working with you know okay you know a recruiter and events would be be be be organized for all the new recruits to hang okay I mean you know out while while while while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that like you you you you know like again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, you, you, you, Maggie you know okay okay. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after after after after credits. My name is um uh so Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her Her Her Her name her name her name her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh okay okay I I I I mean. Basically, this basically, this basically, this basically, this is the first episode of our our our our And we basically the end. Oh um so uh my God. Okay, the basic basic basic basic structure. Is that every week? We're going we're going we're going we're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to like like like like well um see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be be be be discussing like I mean okay the creative like not just as individuals but also also also also as a community will also like well well talk about what it's like to express express express express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative um so uh Fields. Also the also the the the the also the also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring well well well well you know so other artists on this podcast as well. If you're if you're if you're you're you're you're if you're interested in listening to this podcast, I mean well you know be be be be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's so so so so well you know talk about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six six six six hundred and ninety uh um um dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year seven-year seven-year seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 I mean uh I mean January 2013 2013 2013 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his you you you you know um okay record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September September September September 2011 the record high um I mean so of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his his his his den, or at least until now. I I mean uh uh think it is first first first first important to understand what drove prices to those sites in 2011 okay uh okay. Let's take a a a a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a starting a starting a starting a business is not an easy task task task task. Every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a uh uh uh uh okay okay lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough enough enough enough experience well you know um experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you you you you join me as I go along like okay um you're joining the words Brendan building building building building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard I mean well well well well okay about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, I've been I mean um you know searching for so long. What kind kind kind kind what kind what kind what kind of host how to do it in general general general general uh uh okay when I was trying to browse. It was it was it was it it it it was so complicated so much so that so I mean well until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name is is is is well uh you know Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say say say say the uh like you know thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where where where where we invited guests on you know I mean well you just skipped it it it it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why well uh like like like like would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't don't don't don't we don't we don't we don't have like you know so a guest one thinking thinking thinking thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest so um so was was was was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be nice you know know know know so um just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show show show show um well uh for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new new new new uh so so market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will will will will the Savage I mean like uh on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money um um like update two episodes in in in in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say uh well okay we're we're we're we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at okay I mean mean mean mean like five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably probably probably probably like I mean you know Go to the dollar store almost five round round round round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy well um uh a bouncy ball ball ball ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like so I mean I I I I mean a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya ya ya ya Takin okay well um darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea idea idea idea. So this so this so this so this is I mean uh uh the most most most most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the I mean you know know know know uh boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week week week week uh so well and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start start start start I mean uh so brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush brush brush brush all the you know um okay way to the molars in the back three. Today Today Today Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist I mean you know uh who helped discover discover discover discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things um you know well and and and and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was franklin was franklin was franklin franklin franklin franklin was curious about science as a like well so young girl. She grew up in London London London London in the 1930s and went to one of the only like uh uh schools that taught women women women women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she um so like wanted to to to to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the pastor of of of of Elevation Church in this is our well I mean uh podcast. I wanted to to to to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you well okay I mean hope hope hope hope it builds your faith. Hope it hope it hope it hope it gives you you you you perspective to see God is moving in your you know uh like life life life life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am going well well well well I mean okay to go ahead I normally have you stand to read read read read the scripture is 19 verses okay okay um today. So go ahead and and and and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless you um well well. My scripture scripture scripture scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon I mean so you you you you know will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord Lord Lord Lord uh so I mean showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there there there there was here last night. Yeah. To me to me to me to me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to well well well well uh uh this audio podcast. I am I am I am I am buttress the host host host host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online so so well community of artists and and and and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate okay uh okay okay okay okay online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology like um um um um well club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most Most Most Most so like I mean of these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're you're you're you're interested in you know okay you know interacting with those as they happen live, live, live, live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications so like I mean at youtube.com phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we do well like like like like so and how you can become a member for only one dollar a a a a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you thank you thank you thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I I mean you know well wanted to take a brief moment today to let you you you you know about the easiest uh okay um way possible to start your very own own own own podcast. Some of some of some of some of the more important aspects are are are are like like so actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well well well well as like you know okay software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually actually actually actually paid money to host the you know so okay packet a podcast and have have have have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different you know you know you know know know know software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything everything everything everything well like so we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for for for for free either from my computer okay so well tablet or cell phone. Not only only only only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make I mean uh uh money money money money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better better better better so well well be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before so before so before so before we jump into the episode, we we we we just want to let y'all know you know uh well that the dead dead dead dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it so okay okay okay okay you know easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need need need need in I mean well um one place for free. That's right. They give they they they they give they give they give it to you for free, like um like like like like but you can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella well I I I I mean um dough creation tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it it it it like so well sound popping. They also will help you distribute the the the the podcast if you want to so okay like grow the dead-ass family like we do do do do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple you know okay um podcast Google podcast and and and and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching you know you know know know know like from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or okay okay okay okay you know like go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to come want to start off off off off the show by giving a okay okay so fond farewell at least in the context context context context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar you know uh like. Amy Klobuchar has in in in in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I like uh uh uh uh so mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't particularly viable I mean um I mean as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone Someone Someone Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between between between between well uh okay Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody everybody everybody everybody and holler Mullins uh um well. I am here. This is our season 2 2 2 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go like like okay back to the beginning beginning beginning beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I you know um okay thought this this this this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it okay I mean I mean mean mean mean kind of I felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable uh uh uh uh so well development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James James James James and Kevin you know so uh here to take you along the sdg ride ride ride ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks I mean like like podcast. Planning for resources resources resources resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually well um I mean mean mean mean build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a a a a population uh okay well 25 years later and you know similar to what many things things things things happen in the well um well world. We usually plan something for the present and and and and then it doesn't end up working out like so um for object data is currently currently currently currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver okay uh uh Abhishek is is is is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus I mean mean mean mean well I mean. This is this is this is this is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out out out out our show notes, so so uh I mean three years. I started listening to to to to you and I was in a transitional phase and uh you know well I I I I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that dream dream dream dream well um um for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational vibrational vibrational vibrational escrow and I okay like well worked hard and when I started listening to to to to you, I left a really okay um you know high profile job, and I did and and and and I started a business. And for and for and for and for two two two two years, well like well I worked hard to get it off the ground and I was was was was more uh um I mean lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in in in in my life. And I got like um like so aligned and the business started and and and and I got everything I wanted and more I mean uh I mean and it was was was was huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever I mean mean mean mean so you know asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for for for for us in a I mean okay um way that I did ask for for for for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, know, know, know, I mean uh I mean you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all y'all y'all y'all can t have a conversation. You well okay so know, I'm saying the only moment moment moment moment y'all have is because we're just here to serve uh you know you know know know know each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So it's like like like like we're you so um I mean can't even enjoy the success when you ask ask ask ask that question, you know was a success not well uh like enough to sustain it it it it. I don't think it was enough because we just weren't having you know know know know like um fun. When we when we when we when we weren't enjoying each each each each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a you know I mean you you you you know lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a bunch bunch bunch bunch of you know um I mean idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your I I I I mean okay I mean host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today today today today we have TNT Tina is uh so well available those challenges are now available for for for for you to start doing so so well uh that you can work towards unlocking unlocking unlocking unlocking T and Tina. So that's so that's so that's so that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is he is he is he is the big big big big fella from the big North. We have okay um like brought him in in in in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit like well uh Tyler had had had had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked we asked we asked we asked Alex Alex Alex Alex last week. Have you like um well seen this type of soup come in in in in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's I mean okay you know a good-looking good-looking good-looking good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a okay so like JCrew JCrew JCrew JCrew. Model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed I I I I mean well so in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel lapel lapel lapel Rob. It's little it's little it's little it's little like you know well lapel, lapel, lapel, lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are well well well well well um and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep keep keep keep you know you know um getting me right before my work shifts. So well, well, well, well, so what we're going to like like you know do here again, we we we we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a uh I mean mean mean mean you know big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's hey what's hey what's hey what's going on box fans. We are are are are back with a brand new episode um so uh of the Ike Box podcast. We have have have have a great show for you guys today. My name my name my name my my my my name you know okay uh is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's it's it's it's actually going to be a like like like solo pod today because the Lakers are are are are on the schedule. Brian is in a you know you know I mean meeting meeting meeting meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're so we're so we're we're we're we're so we're going to talk okay um uh a lot about the Box first first first first Lakers. A lot alot alot alot of people consider this to be you know okay so so so so the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the well well well well well you know Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all we all we all all all all we all know what happened last time the Box the okay you know um Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is you know like well well well well the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and um um um um uh uh you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk so so so so I mean okay about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a a a a podcast that uh like you know is a good point and gives you everything everything everything everything you need in one place for um like um free and you can use it right right right right from your phone or computer at um okay well anchor you can record record record record and edit and make everything that you put down on your well so um podcast podcast podcast podcast sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that okay uh uh uh uh like you might have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you uh um okay so it can Be heard everywhere Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many okay okay you know more. You can you can can can can you can you can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy um um um um so so money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the the the the anchor app or go okay I mean well to Anchor dot. F m-- right right right right now. Yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 in 1943 in 1943 in 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an an an an age when most girls would be like you know so settled down with a family family family family trying to make the best of life during wartime. Pearl so I mean like like like like was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a a a a husband and so so um children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely lonely lonely lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey so like well despite the chill of the night night night night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles um okay I mean mean mean mean along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed the well well well well you know I mean brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came came came came into view German soldiers coated so you know um the span like ants on on on on a fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest like um uh route across across across across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded pearl waded pearl waded pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning well uh okay okay okay okay and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush brush brush brush so I mean okay in little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week week week week. And today we're I mean I mean I mean talking about a courageous woman from from from from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania is well okay um um um um an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala the the the the Paulo like I mean like were the first people to live on on on on that island and tricking Nene was one you know I mean uh of the palala people people people people switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth uh so well well well well and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of a a a a you know well uh leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going so um um on. Well, Well, Well, Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May um well well well well so of our Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm like like like like I mean I mean so excited. I mean this is I think the first first first first time ever right we so you know like able to combine everybody together together together together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love I mean like like like like like retreat in May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule schedule schedule schedule. Is um you know you know he going to be a salon? Because of because because because because of because of because of course we going to be there with uh I mean mean mean mean you know her love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we we we we have Elizabeth here and you know like I mean Elizabeth is going to tell us us us us like all the details because schedule acidity in so um uh the very schedule schedule schedule schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, uh I I I I mean uh they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and and and and Miss Elizabeth phase okay um um want to give us all the juicy details details details details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so uh I mean you know know know know excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can anyone can can can can anyone can anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea idea idea idea how um I mean so we do it here at paddle and fin fin fin fin podcast. We use the anchor dot okay uh like f m-- recording platform super easy easy easy easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms you know um well. There's creation creation creation creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your uh you know so so so so phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the the the the free anchor uh um you know app to get started. This segment this segment segment segment segment this segment this segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when um well well well well so in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo promo promo promo code I mean uh like. Pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 and save save save save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to you know I I I I mean well the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try try try try well um um to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques techniques techniques techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very it's very it's very it's very funny because Chris plant is recording recording recording recording in our New York City so like you know office is right now now now now and every time he needs to make a change she has to well you know know know know I mean run across the room. Like it's like it's like it's like like like like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen um uh like that's part of the the the the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort well I mean I I I I mean of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, that's how y'all record to like um you know write. You have you have have have have you have you have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system system system system inside like okay um. Of it and you have to pull out out out out boogers to get it to start so um uh recording. Right? Right. My audio audio audio audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I um okay like do need to to to to dig around in there and then I do get if I um well well say, say, say, say, you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh so uh so ball at me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people people people people will talk about so uh well that. Those have a lot of ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your your your your uh uh well host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's He's He's He's from the skirt um okay you know and he's going to join us for for for for the ride on the first ever episode you know well I mean of Melody Melody Melody Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't uh uh uh uh um well complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to to to to just come uh um like back and relax at home. All right, so What do do do do you think the goal is you know well I mean for the podcast? Honestly, I I I I have no idea. Let me let me let you know um um me try try try try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start out out out out you know you know um as a meme between me and bay on the Discord Discord Discord Discord server bunch of people so um okay were just talking about us having great great great great voice and we should do like I mean okay you know podcast and stuff stuff stuff stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your your your your well you know you know favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode like this one or if you become like okay uh a premium user you can can can can download the episode so you can listen to them offline um so you know know know know like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and and and and so like you know also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you you you you haven't done like uh um so already be sure to download the Spotify app and and and and search for D well um you know. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab tab tab tab. Lethargy said in head of sand um so okay pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like not like like like like not like not like a regular like um well Mom. I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had had had had some shit um so I mean on my mind per usual that I wanted to share share share share of one of which like um I mean is the fact that I have literally not not not not had a job for the past. Really uh I mean um long time and like like like like my adult life probably aside from like um uh like a gig here and and and and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and okay okay you know know know know my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's well okay okay okay okay okay for a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the the the the sounds well well okay of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you you you you fill your demise is so well I mean it hand you stop and turn and see see see see the harmless dancing shadows you know um you know in your wake wake wake wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must I mean mean mean mean okay I mean have been your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip rip rip rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display display display display you know I mean like in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly highly highly highly deserving Any of their victory that takes them like well I mean back to the the the the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today um so well well well well. We'll talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you like like like like you know um over last week and earlier this week. And the first thing thing thing thing was poor so so so is why am I not posting the full full full full week of workouts on Facebook a week in uh uh well advance and it's simple simple simple simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the uh so like like like like workouts. I know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like like like like okay so okay that. And so there are days that you can make it and and and and days. You just can't like I mean so make it. And that is is is is how I want you to plan your week um okay okay. I don't want you you you you to plan your week to try based off of I mean well okay a certain certain certain certain workout that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind kind kind kind of um like I mean in the first podcast about the purpose of of of of the program is to Achieve a uh so you know well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast okay I mean you know. Let me let me let me let me explain first first first first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to record well well well well well uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so you know you know. So it can be heard on on on on Spotify app a podcast and many many um well okay more you can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you um I mean mean mean mean so need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor app. Go to Anchor you know I mean I mean. FM to get started Alright, what's up? up up up Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast um like you know. I'm your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to to to to another edition of 40th um you know so podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and and and and second century uh I mean uh BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential influential influential influential combat outfits of you know um um all time vanish from the historical record? If If If If you enjoy this episode and want to like uh I mean hear more Tales Tales Tales Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast like okay you know presents March March March March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows you know know know know I mean um Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s s s s presents free um I mean so on Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In In In In 1851 the French Ministry of you know so like public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier renier renier renier to Algeria. He was he was he was he was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Martin Martin Martin Rory okay I mean I mean the idiot podcast isn't here this evening evening evening evening. So we don't really have a thing we I mean um so can actually actually actually actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll well uh uh uh uh you know think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh Walsh Walsh Walsh and I'm I mean I mean you know here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to um um um um um well be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this so so so so this so this so this app take talk so well like has been been been been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular well well well well well so app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months months months months. It's given it's given it's given it's given a lot you know know know know I mean well of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of of of of those teams like you know uh you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has has has has a lot of followers. Okay, so a song well so like that you guys might know know know know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? So if he you know um I mean mean mean mean was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a a a a podcast dedicated to I mean um you know discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced produced produced produced by Games Workshop. This is the okay okay um second ever podcast I've I've I've I've ever made. So I so I so I so I hope this isn't too horrible and and and and still uh I mean uh trying to find my feet. So I hope you you you you are bear with the bad so okay well editing in places. I've done my my my my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that I mean I mean you know were were were were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent like like like like okay I mean news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then then then then spend the I mean like um rest of the show focus on a conversation about about about about maniples the basic building blocks of the you know I mean okay game. I was was was was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as narrative devices, well well well well um well but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to to to to cover I'll be I mean well um focusing on the man of courses primarily from from from from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode um okay like than I initially planned planned planned planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout like well I mean the the the the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than than than than okay you know well I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio this audio this audio this audio book summary is is is is brought to you by quick Read download our app today okay like okay okay okay okay and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal personal personal personal like uh so development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or or or or commuting to well um like work and get the key insights of books in minutes minutes minutes minutes instead of hours. Go to like okay so Quick read.com app and download our app app app app for free today. Summary of the one our uh okay so content plan by by by by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by so um okay okay okay okay Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give like like like like I mean well you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a a a a single hour. However, before however, before however, before however, before I mean okay okay okay okay okay you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate formulate formulate formulate your plan, you've I mean uh you know heard the quote give a man man man man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern Southern Southern Southern state flooding okay so uh most of the many counties since the water was was was was about six feet deep outside and inside I mean I mean okay their house house house house one family spent its time sitting on the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by by by by like I mean I mean the young son happened to notice a nice nice nice nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he uh so okay thought I'll bet that that that that person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat well well so so so so had floated out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept kept kept kept so uh I mean on watching the river suddenly much to his surprise surprise surprise surprise. Here comes here comes here comes here comes the Hat floating Upstream you know I I I I mean like against the current. This was obviously very strange. So the the the the lad kept his I mean you know um eye on it. It floated Upstream around around around around the corner of the house and came floating okay like like back down down down down again after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner uh so um of of of of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida aFlorida aFlorida aFlorida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people people people people with Laura and Romy I mean uh well. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We you we you we you you you you we you know so like are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you just stumble in on uh like well this moment of Genius. Everybody did did did did everybody did everybody did everybody did we did to there was like a sudden sudden sudden sudden like hand in I mean okay um my shots, and he was feeding feeding feeding feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, it's like okay so so the clouds open open open open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two of us uh uh uh uh okay um. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching watching watching watching us like well like um dance around with a microphone and then we just fade fade fade fade into their lives. I love okay so well that. I hope I hope I hope I I I I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably it's probably probably probably probably it's probably it's probably how they like well you know see you. Don't you you you you don't you must have a lot of scenes that open like that? um I I I I mean well You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls girls girls girls like walking kind of well I mean well in we're talking about those are are are are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's well like like like like like. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are well well well well well like recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to to to to sift through more uh um you know often than not the level of of of of conversation is at such a high intellectual point well you know you know that that that that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought we we we we thought we thought we thought we so you know like might share one of of of of them with you now, but remember if you want to be involved, well I mean like don't don't don't don't forget. You send you send you send you send us a DM. Send us us us us your questions and we'll go um you know like from there. We hope you enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did the um um um whole sort of winning winning winning winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I did like so you you you you know well did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went into into into into I mean so okay they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you you you you well okay so about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me explain it's uh like uh free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know um you know from from from from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no well well well well so um minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we we we we can be heard like so like on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's It's It's It's everything. You need to make a uh like uh podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special special special special guest I mean so so here today. Say hello. Hi. You want you want you you you you want you want to introduce yourself over there? My name my name my name name name name my name like I mean you know is Katherine. I'm excited to be be be be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with okay well uh me. I haven't haven't haven't haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't said the name of our company because I mean mean mean mean I could but so okay uh I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet discreet discreet discreet like I'll probably accidentally say it like uh uh but, you know, you can edit edit edit edit it. I recommended that I just For like PR well well um Reasons, I'm I'm I'm I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I okay I mean okay just yeah, I don't know we danced at American American American American Ballet company. I think I think I think I think it's just it's it's it's it's I mean um so amazing. That's perfect. Can I can I can I can I say your full full full full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the it's the it's the the the the it's the switches third birthday. And I don't think we you know I mean mean mean mean you know bought it anything. It's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous to go alone alone alone alone. So the Nintendo cartridge Society goes you know you know so with you. Welcome to to to to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined you know so so so so so as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show for you you you you. Today so well well. We're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking talking talking talking about the news from the week including a lot of uh so uh news news news news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, okay well well well well well we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in the okay okay okay okay uh so meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie movie movie movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited so like like. I also love horror movies and and and and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he well you know know know know um hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the the the the well like like horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not not not not no other reasons that you know um uh all you know, I know whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia well I mean well of horror horror horror horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make fun like so so so so like of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly exactly exactly exactly. That's what so I mean you know I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one one one one our episodes drop on you know okay um Monday. So check so check so so so so check so check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a podcast. Let me okay you know you know explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they they they they give you creation tools that I mean um uh allow you to record and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer well I mean you you you you know anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on Spotify I mean you know um Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from from from from your podcast with no uh well like minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the so so so so so I mean free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get started okay like okay today. Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in in in in a lie, so uh uh and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My My My My store in closet name is um you know well Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh Oh Oh Oh and you can find me on Instagram and you know okay like YouTube as as as as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had so you know know know know um the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this week's week's week's week's well so okay episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because because because because fitting race well um um coming up. So angry is after you losing to to to to this. It'll be we have uh you know uh week one week of classes classes classes classes still and then spring break is the week after that okay I mean well. So So So So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished well you you you you know um. Well, I finished all of my exams I have before spring break break break break so next week. I I mean like um just have a presentation for one of my classes classes classes classes see your husband exam for a class you know so okay that I'm not not not not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've finished uh uh uh uh so I mean our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had had had had like um so um straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I I I I so I so I so I will say it was like the well um um um um um most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the hardest classes classes classes classes I mean so you know ever, but it's just kind of you know today and and and and I'm out of okay um so the way especially because now that I feel feel feel feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to to to to talk to you guys um like I mean quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You You You You can listen to all of your favorite artists and I mean so you know podcast and and and and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and so well well well well uh that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save save save save a little uh you know like bit these days. So with so with so with with with with so with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so so so so you so you never miss like I mean okay an episode you can share share share share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram um so okay and premium users can can can can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are like so like like like like if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one one one one so I mean I mean is actually useful. So if you haven't done so so so so already download the Spotify app well so you know search for your favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are you know you know know know know so Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never never never never miss an episode uh okay well of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get get get get into today's episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody Welcome you know um like like like like to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any well so um um um um questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the intro to to to to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey well hey well hey well hey well like like like like um Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So um so so so so um so um so um well like I mean so far. It's been okay, okay, okay, okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't okay uh um talked to since since since since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the like I I I I mean okay tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're We're We're We're not uh I mean like I don't think they want to read some of the the the the stuff that we say okay like um. Oh, we oh, we oh, we oh, we we we we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we did did did did go to piece. That like so okay was pretty cool. We got to see see see see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was okay well I mean really cool cool cool cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got we got we got we got got got got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might there might there might there might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of TV talk like I mean um now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to to to to the good trouble after uh you know like show and guys. We are we we we we are we are we are at the season finale of the such a good good good good so you know I mean season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones Jones Jones Jones. I've been rocking with you since um uh like season one. I'm so happy happy happy happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could I could I could I could could could could not do uh so so this out do this without my amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love um um um. I have I have have have have I have I have Miss Janice. I am I am I am I am and she she she she is a biggest the big Fosters you know like you know crossover could could could could trouble. Yes, I've yes, I've yes, I've yes, I've been watching the posture since since since since I was in high okay I mean well school. So like I'm the OG posture posture posture posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings I mean well okay you your your your your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are how are are are are how are how are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you are you are you are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you you you you have something that you feel you know like I mean like you want to share? I I I I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around so so you know know know know for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to you you you you know so I mean make a podcast and I'll tell you why first of of of of all, it's free. You can um you know uh record edit and distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast all from your phone or or from your computer like um you know. It It It It will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify apple like you know um and all of the big names you can make money with with with with no minimum listenership. And I and I and I and I mean uh like it's it's it's it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So like like like like like uh here's what you need to do. If you're if you're if you're you're you're you're if you're interested Go download the free you know okay so anchor app or go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. That's ANC like like like like uh well hor dot. F m-- go check it out and get get get get started on your um you know like podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop scoop scoop scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So you you you you know okay like for our first episode we're going to get into the movie movie movie movie Carrie the original um well uh old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited excited excited excited about this one. It you know okay okay was one of my mother's favorite. So I I I I so I so I so I think it was one of like well I mean mean mean mean the first ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to to to to this like you know you know movie when I was about nine or ten, ten, ten, ten, which given the amounts of nudity and okay like um violence seems wildly inappropriate. But But But But I but I but I but I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling telling telling telling yourself that uh well okay so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I I I I okay okay like talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go go go go beyond I mean like I mean just Theory and discuss some of the most most most most important real world macro questions of our you know well so time what happens next and and and and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale Vale Vale Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm um so uh going to be be be be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And uh okay like like like like it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for for for for um like um a long time. We get to share stories about this woman woman woman woman that was in our life like well um and so important to many of us us us us and I wanted to just acknowledge that like like well story and memory are so so so so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're so so okay going to have a great great great great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and okay I mean so sharing stories stories stories stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness okay I I I I mean so of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to to to to kind okay I mean so of join me not just with the people that have passed passed passed passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's uh uh uh uh you know like exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really really really really fascinating episode uh so you know that explores what happened to the tapes that were were were were recorded from Apollo 11 so okay so slow scan television telecast during the first first first first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like you know you know like this follow follow follow follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans okay like um um um um gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Walter Walter Walter I mean uh like Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for for for for not I mean I mean I mean not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's it's it's it's not and then I'll see what uh like um I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm I'm I'm I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just just just just talking so you know I mean about how we can believe it would would would would Made it to episode 5 but I was like so well telling a lie lie lie lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't okay okay so so so so it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to well like like like like like spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy crazy crazy crazy that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy every other week well so okay or every other other other other week. That's insane. That's honestly that's honestly that's honestly that's honestly crossing the line line line line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do what do what do what do do do do I do? We doing this you are you really I mean uh so leaving your your your your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes I mean I mean well well well well on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like he's like he's like he's he's he's he's like got vomit on his sweater well okay you know already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right all right all right all right was listening that I've got got got got puke on you know okay uh my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. It doesn't really have the same I mean well you know scanning that does it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just um you know um gulped gulped gulped gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like so so so so um so this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start brushing uh so so on the top of your mouth on one side and brush brush brush brush a little circles around each so um uh tube 3T. It's heroines week where every every every every day we talk about a heroic woman from so well so history today. We're talking talking talking talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her I mean uh well name was was was was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England um um you you you you know a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was uh like um um um um born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was you you you you know um well just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth mouth mouth mouth. Switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing to you know I mean like the the the the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues uh uh uh uh so okay or try to create false images of ourselves. We think we think we we we we think we think there is enough of I mean okay uh that going on on on on in the world today. As a as a as a as a matter of fact, fact, fact, fact, the inspiration behind so well so this podcast is to speak to and in Fire Fire Fire Fire regular folks through personal stories I mean you know um that being real being vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's actually, it's actually, it's it's it's it's actually, it's I mean uh uh quite the opposite. We believe we believe we we we we believe we believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue okay well I I I I mean to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as as as as a reminder well uh you know that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the the the the way out when our okay you know like backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to a purple Radio podcast with with with with me probably share our for rights reasons the music well like so in this podcast podcast podcast podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a big warm welcome uh okay okay okay okay well to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose and Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley the so like you know InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, course, course, course, we've got a lot of things to um so okay talk about We're not not not not gonna get into it just straight away no first. Of uh um I mean all all all all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners at home. I you you you you know I mean uh know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So So So So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi well you know uh. I'm Hannah Colgan a second second second second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, so yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so so I mean that's it. That's great. That's great. That's That's That's That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you um well I mean lose it. Hi Hi Hi Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year so well um student student student student from Hill beard. Me and me and me and me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up what's up what's what's what's what's up what's up friends puff so uh so stuff podcast back on your listening device device device device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really you know well so cool thing thing thing thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give well um so so so so away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like uh uh uh uh I mean um don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going going going going to get like a couple so um I mean weeks supply of some CBD products products products products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're like so uh going to do do do do some testimonials from us. This is this is this is this is what what what what you got to do go well well I mean to the puff and Steph Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page okay uh like and just just just just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products so so so so uh okay before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies companies companies companies products. You I mean okay like want to see how this Compares maybe you're you're you're you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific I mean you know so that you're you're you're you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless god bless god bless god god god god bless you Derek okay like uh. I love I love I love I love you you you you catch you on the other side. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to soba soba soba soba is dull soap well like so is dope is not affiliated with AA or or or or any 12 step program. We support people's so so um right to drink and have have have have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live okay so well approach to sobriety. This This This This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life okay like like like like uh. We want we want we want we want to encourage healing and transformation. This show show show show is for anyone I mean uh so that is struggling with alcohol alcohol alcohol alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you um um well Cannon Cannon Cannon Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast I I I I mean so I mean. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool tool tool tool that allows you to record so well uh and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast you know so uh for you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many well well I I I I mean more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener listener listener listener ships. It's so you know so everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast in One place, so let's try together you know so well. I remember that that that that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was um uh uh uh uh like fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that that that that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series um so so so so so and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today today today today. I wanted to talk so um um a lot about experiences good and and and and bad memories and all that shit, but most well so you know importantly. I I I I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk I mean uh uh uh uh uh about it. I thought I thought I thought I thought why not desert desert desert desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just like um um talk about Mary's and all all all all the shit that's happened in that school that made me I mean you know know know know like who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately Unfortunately Unfortunately Unfortunately got shut like okay uh down due to financial reasons, which we are not not not not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to you you you you know so um thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby Diaz like uh um and you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of of of of friendships a less uh well uh common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share share share share all that. We've learned um you know you know and still learning so so so so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is so like like like like I mean the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give give give give a I mean like so little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week week week week and I wanted to say I mean uh you know hello. I love you you you you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and um you know so I I I I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you okay well you know know know know never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, well okay like Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be be be be you know like okay hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it it it it here I can uh so um make it anywhere get a love love love love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone um okay you know. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk I I I I mean like like about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff. I am okay like I mean freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind kind kind kind of the one of um so um the the first like not real episode, but but but but kind of now diving Until like actual key okay well uh Concepts and other other other other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean I mean mean mean mean uh I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all all all all about you know uh I mean the difference between a goal and then idea and and and and I'll dive real quick into what I mean like so do we mean mean mean mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea I mean I mean like like like like like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down okay okay okay okay so like real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with with with with one more thing like okay like about what we came up with what we we we we what we have found to be uh you know I mean true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the I I I I mean uh uh anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a um like like podcast. That's exactly what we do here at at at at running wild podcast. We use we use we use we use anchor so um so so so so for many reasons. The first the first the first the first reason is is is is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't you don't you don't you don't like like like like um you know have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's there's there's there's creation tools that I mean well well allow you to to record and edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone your computer or so well well even your your your your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have to worry worry worry worry um okay you know about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many more platforms I mean uh well. You can also make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast and everybody loves making more like okay well money. So go so go so go go go go so go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host to read and like okay well well well well I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here to help you on your okay you know okay spiritual and healing journey. I I I I am I am I am I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher teacher teacher teacher a student um well um of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and and and and a passionate highly sensitive I mean so uh person. I want to use my my my my knowledge. To channel information and messages for well okay so you to grow on all levels levels levels levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We okay you know you know know know know will be doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like well like like like like I mean a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it it it it live to neck. It's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh uh I mean okay okay okay okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going going going going I mean okay you know. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's that's that's that's about it. I got it like uh okay live to neck live to knock exactly exactly exactly exactly and well, welcome to this first episode okay uh I mean. This may may may may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're I mean I mean mean mean mean uh just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us us us us - oh okay like okay man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the the the the flow of the train you know so well. Hitting our bodies great start. This This This This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going what's going what's going what's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up up up up. Welcome, you know you know well welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast podcast podcast podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the entire well you know okay. I did I I I I did I did I did not we can go again once I got my stirring okay okay okay okay so you know spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How How How How are you? well um well um well um well um um All hosted by its most most most most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome like like like like okay you know back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the the the the late straight before we start we'll kick off so well I mean with the sponsors sponsors sponsors sponsors. Give them give them give them give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a a a a um so like lot of setup work that we have to do in order order order order to make you know like I mean a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate to you just exactly how we do you know okay um a shotgun start start start start here. All right. Greetings and greetings and greetings and greetings and welcome to a Monday Monday Monday Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the the the the uh well I mean same team record membership number in March will we we we we during the Australian by the end okay like uh of the season who's locked locked locked locked themselves in for round one? What do we want so you know okay to to to to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against you know know know know you know um last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this this this this and more so um so on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue blue blue blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm so like okay here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy um andy um andy um andy um uh uh uh uh like really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later later later later than like I mean like we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a a a a vacation early early so you know uh you vacation. So this is the first first first first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined joined joined joined today with David Starr so so uh co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special special special special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All well you know you know right right right right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't haven't haven't haven't really like so you know talked over the yeah. It's been it's been been been been it's been it's been pretty good so far, but, you know, um you know I I I I mean obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all all all all right uh I mean so. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I I I I guess I guess I guess I guess one thing that I've you know like like like like okay um kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting accepting accepting accepting me for well um I mean who I am because yeah, you know in in in in case you're listening to this uh I mean well and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got you got you got you got the seven seven seven seven to real estate investor here. Just I mean well I mean want to to to to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, you know, you know, you you you you know, what like you know like I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very very very very easy to use, you know, what links like well uh up to Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing I mean I mean okay I love love love love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the I mean I mean mean mean mean like free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to get started. Take care. In um so um this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte tarte tarte tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode this episode this episode this episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire sapphire sapphire sapphire. I am so well well Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind mind mind mind because it's story time. Welcome to okay I mean so the first season season season season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences okay uh uh uh uh well that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a a a a story or like uh well need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire sapphire sapphire sapphire at gmail.com. This is this is this is this is an independently I mean um um um um I mean run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're We're We're We're uh you know so going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the the the the day of the meeting is you know um I mean a supreme novices hurdle hurdle hurdle hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro you know I mean you you you you know and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my my my my pick a um so I mean last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during during during during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed I mean well uh to be riding him him him him on the day. Two main Market while I was like well um issued in a stirring stirring stirring stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've well you know like like like like got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin I I I I mean um uh very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and and and and being free starts like well uh this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins wins wins wins over hurdles and one in a uh well so bump of him. I've gone without without without without a heart he is a two-time winner so okay I mean over hurdle so far far far far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like I like I like I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum okay so so bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We We We We so I mean I mean got a fun episode for you. Today. We're We're We're We're gonna be talking about the like you know well Desi strong game of new polls polls polls polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but okay I mean um new poll has has has has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who you know know know know um okay we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that that that that we think that well like okay could win it. So stay tuned to find out out out out who would might be and then uh you know you know we're going to to to to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about I mean well well well well uh the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a I mean mean mean mean I mean okay little bit. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right right right right. So let's get into okay like uh it Saint Rose had a long week this this this this week the Reversed North Central you know okay like College and new new new new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis okay okay okay okay okay like. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and um so so so so so night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and and and and I mean so um brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's It's It's It's heroines week and every day well I mean I mean this week. We've talked about about about about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about like I mean uh wangari. Maathai Maathai Maathai Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born born born born okay so like in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a a a a girl Kenya was full you know so uh of strong Lush trees and the beauty beauty beauty beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would like well like change. Switch or brushing brushing brushing brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going going going going so uh I mean to be doing regularly once a week to cover the the the the basic science of the um so you know coronavirus and to review and sort of restore restore restore restore some of the sanity to the conversation um so uh about this this illness in sort sort sort sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to well so um try try try try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now well well well well so um in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know know know know response already like well I mean like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back back back back to you know well well another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get get get get into a bunch of well you know like topics including our first topic which is is is is Spam calls and we got all sorts of you know you know okay stuff stuff stuff stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking picking picking picking I mean I mean like up, we're discussing this because one of our our our our good friends in our multimedia class well I mean well as we get a a a a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's um it's um it's um it's it's it's it's um uh I mean pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously obviously obviously obviously is just messing with I mean so like the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they they they they definitely when I got my first spam collar at uh um well least one of of of of the earliest big walls. I remember I remember I remember I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this and this and this and this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got we got we got got got got we got the normal crew with us today um so um. We We We We got we got we got we got a great show. Look at Marathon Marathon Marathon Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to preview. But well um okay first we're going going going going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not um um uh in our our our our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the well uh like fly, but but but but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is okay okay okay okay I mean well even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now now now now. We're at track me where I mean you know okay the track office not really really really really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I I I I yeah, I mean like um first we're podcast was an audience who serve serve serve serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and well well well well like like a half. What does what does what does what does sex Bingo and and and and tail because I missed that so it um well well was a little odd odd odd odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof okay I I I I mean you know. We had we had we had we had just about over a a a a hundred people in one room, which was probably a I mean well well fire hazard looking looking looking looking back at it but us being students not our number one I mean you know know know know um problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there were were were were Current objects I mean okay so of pleasure. I guess I guess I guess guess guess guess I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe for the um so I I I I mean radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects to to to to practice safe um so so sex like our ad reads. So nobody was was was was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State uh like uh. There's over a thousand thousand thousand thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and uh you you you you know like honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is this is this is this is sports criminals March Madness special special special special every day in March. We are counting down well so I mean the top 31 Sports Sports Sports Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to well uh so 1991 1991 1991 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was tyson was tyson was tyson was delivered a a a a knockout punch and charged with so uh uh the sexual assault of Miss Black America America America America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports I mean okay uh events events events events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen like like like like like well free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas um um um um okay like gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the the the the bag so I mean uh his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are we are we we we we are we are talking um so okay about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of of of of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter okay uh well extremity movement violations, violations, violations, violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it well uh I mean mean mean mean and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first first first first question I have well like you know for you is when were you first introduced introduced introduced introduced to the concept? out of quarter I mean okay like extremity the book definition of of of of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to um so so so so so it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just just just just I mean I mean so don't teach it that way but when you teach teach teach teach any type of throwing mechanics, like well I mean typically the first thing thing thing thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or um you know like like like like throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today today today today in so okay I mean this episode of podcast. I'll direct I'll direct I'll I'll I'll I'll direct I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian like uh I mean mean mean mean writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya Academy like like you know Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story story story story in an old book of mine okay okay uh and there is something about the the the the way he write his story. These the way you know um I I I I mean he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings writings writings writings I mean I mean well and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the the the the story while where I like uh um shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need well well well well like like to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up up up up till now like well so everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes makes makes makes you you like like well will get you through today, whatever situation you you you you land in whatever it is you you know I mean so have got this so so so so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This uh um I mean mean mean mean is your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll I'll I'll I'll um well okay be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the the the the meantime. Go okay well like for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production production production production. If you enjoy everyday okay well I mean positivity, please take a moment to to to to check out the vale app. There's a there's a there's a there's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much um um um um you know like for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode episode episode episode and that you like like so choose to listen today. I've had I've had I've I've I've I've had I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be I mean um um um um uh able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode episode episode episode is something I couldn't um okay okay wait to publish. The guest the guest guest guest guest the guest the guest today is a fellow Irishman the very you know well so first first first first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for like like like like I mean um a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back back back back on another podcast like so okay God over a year ago. Now whilst I I I I was training for the London marathon and okay um I mean I remember listening thinking wow, wow, wow, wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved um okay I mean. I was was was was I was I was I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Soo, I'm Soo, I'm Soo, I'm I'm I'm I'm Greg. And today well okay well we have got in the studio very special. Guests Guests Guests Guests welcome to okay uh so Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here so like so. Finally where we mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I uh well uh uh uh uh think yes, and we we have and I've been up to him a like so so so so okay couple of times going. Oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I haven't said said said said anything you don't like about you. Probably like well so have big fan. Are you? you you you Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I well, I well, I I I I well, I am too but I'm well so um trying to pretend I'm not not not not okay. We've had we've had we've had we've had a lot of trouble trouble trouble trouble getting okay well you know this podcast episode set up because my microphone I I I I feel like it's only um like uh really good for one person and that that that that I feel like our audio is always a well so okay little off and and and and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot okay um um um um I mean it we're probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, but but but but anyway, but anyway, but anyway, welcome I mean um you know to yeah, we said said said said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first okay um so so so so time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice advice advice advice questions like like um that you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And And And And I and I and I and I would say it's uh um well a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not okay okay okay okay so I mean like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, yo go back to uh okay I mean the filthy garage or as I I I I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's cold as so so you know fuck in in in in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what your you know you you you you know um balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that that that that just because your so um I mean balls are small because that's because it's it's it's it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like it's like it's like it's like what's up? Welcome back well well well well uh um. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that that that that hat dude. Thank well uh um you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children and and and and so uh uh your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies strategies strategies strategies to create um okay like peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen Allen Allen Allen. I'm a social media I mean well okay marketer writer and Mom to three three three three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am so so okay terilyn Griffin an English English English English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & 3 so like like like like uh we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the the the the information for um you know uh you are awesome listeners. Let's find let's find let's let's let's let's find let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a high five well um um um um well and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from okay I I I I mean so. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director director director director at okay uh so cnx leading a team of talented creative designers and producers producers producers producers. He's worked at agencies you know well so all over the world starting at Ogilvy Ogilvy Ogilvy Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in um so so Boston and anomaly in New New New New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear I hear I hear I hear he's he's he's he's um like you know also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy guy guy guy and he'll be you know uh you know our co-host from time to time throughout version final final final final here are a couple highlights I mean um you know from our conversation. We We We We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he well okay you know know know know was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we we we we all uh well uh know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was was was was really young. I you know well uh was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a a a a well like I mean horse girl. Like I like I like I like I I I I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna go like um okay finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another another another another episode of officially unofficial like um you know. Hello and welcome back. My My My My name my name my name my name is Nat and my name is Bianca Bianca Bianca Bianca and this okay okay okay week. We are talking about the laws of attraction attraction attraction attraction. Are they are they are they are they hot or are you uh well well well well uh just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was was was was yours? you know you know you know you know okay uh I was was was was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So I I I I was I mean so I mean summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how how how how much I can talk about but you know like okay I will say say say say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting texting texting texting okay you know well and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on on on on our phones. I do I do I do I do a lot you know know know know like uh of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of of of of I mean like so you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a a a a few minutes and well I mean okay then move on or whatever. That's fine. But But But But I want to talk about first uncovered you know well I mean Snapchat. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that uh well well well well uh and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it it it it um so so. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we I I I I mean I mean uh try to help with your you love with your day lemmas lemmas lemmas lemmas and try to make you know uh I mean life a better place for you you you you over to live in and stuff like sets okay uh um and shit from from from from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain okay well well well well um streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the well well well well I mean you know money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going going going going okay uh so to be joining us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, it's okay well um uh Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad glad glad glad you could join us like so um. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We normally normally normally normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, like uh I mean but we have to talk talk talk talk about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan uh you know uh and I I I I are all investors in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in uh uh uh uh like I mean the series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent parent parent parent company of this well like you know brokerage that is kind of changed the rules rules rules rules offering free training quickly being copied by I mean I mean okay all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, okay okay okay okay okay you know it's Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, you I mean uh I mean know, we just want to be on the podcast. So So So So here I am okay um okay. He's helping fill in today is doing and we had had had had to our pour one out like um like for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's it's it's it's that's why I said music starting off. No well like well. No, it's it's it's it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead you know um so. There There There There is there is there is there is no more fried a podcast. Shout out out out out weaves new job. Yeah, why okay I mean okay don't I talk in Sunday pot pot pot pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead well you know well well well well of carrying you into your weekend. We're going we're going we're going we're going going going going to start going to start your like like you know week off right? Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is this is this is this this this this is the crypto Cana me. If you if you if you if you you you you well so you know guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped dropped dropped dropped an article on his medium um okay okay page and it's another great one one one one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a well you know so living living living living organism. So let's so let's so let's so let's go ahead and jump into into into into the read and then um you know uh we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins Bitcoins Bitcoins Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving so like well and thriving Between Worlds as I have have have have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the fort down podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and well so you know we're here to talk about American American American American football. So I go into the NFL after so like well the demo for for for for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one uh uh um with Drew Drew Drew Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC like like like like um you know Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets Jets Jets Jets. This was the you know so uh game that you could play. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play um I mean well that demo. That That That That was that was that was that was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why why why why you chose to be a you know uh I mean broadcaster? Yeah, because I I I I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly well uh like because I I I I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang bang bang bang today. I'm okay um like sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut cut cut cut the fat unanimously cut like I mean you know the federal funds rate rate rate rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in the us okay so so so so well. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the the the the virus so well um and the measures that are being taken to contain. It It It It will it will it will it will surely way so so you know on on on on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier uh uh uh uh well well than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the the the the FED okay I mean like being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by by by by market. The question that remains is where you know so so will the the the the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs I I I I mean like um that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our our our our senses look to the uh so okay market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and and and and I'm going to read Psalm like I mean well 16 today. This is another Psalm Psalm Psalm Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in like like um the do I I I I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou uh you know uh uh uh uh Art my Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that so so so so um I mean are in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all all all all my like uh well delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another another another another God their you know so okay drink offerings of blood. I will not offer nor take take take take their names upon my um um like lips. The Lord is the portion of of of of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my so I mean so so so so lat the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage Heritage Heritage Heritage like I mean you know. I Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay Yay Yay Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have I have I have I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael I'm I'm I'm I'm Michael I'm Michael I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner so so so so um well. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring spring spring spring UCLA match. I'm like uh you know not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I I I I probably I probably I probably I probably can't talk about but it's okay okay okay okay well well like. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest guest guest guest today. We've got we've got we've got we've got well well you know the Athletics Athletics Athletics Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden like so like like like like. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for having me happy to like okay so be Back, you you you you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get so so well well well well a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the well well well well uh you know way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about about about about that. What's you know so like your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? day day day Is it is it is it is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where where where where uh uh um a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes comes comes comes from a traumatic event okay you know okay or series of traumatic events or or or or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest okay okay um underlying causes of depression depression depression depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They like okay like like like like had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, but uh uh uh uh you know you know no way to get out the other Mouse when they they they they gave the shock to it uh you know uh. There was a lever that it could could could could hit where it could get out of um okay you know the cage cage cage cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a uh uh uh uh you know I mean quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who who who who tuned in and listening to okay well um my podcast and minor Manson podcast podcast podcast podcast every week. What made what made what made what made me want to to to to start a podcast you know um well you ask? Well when I was trying trying trying trying to get this one off the ground. He um he um he um he um um um um um so know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how how how how do I you know so uh record an episode? How do I get my my my my show into like All the okay I mean well apps all the major markets. Is Is Is Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? so so well Well, I got got got got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man yeah, man man man man yeah, man yeah, man you know uh um. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting hosting hosting hosting and distributing your podcast and you you know like you know ain't even got got got got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you if you if you if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the uh um okay app I'm using it it it it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and like um uh there's there's there's there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast you you you you know okay like from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to to to to Spotify apple um you know um and many more without having to do anything anything anything anything which is great and you can well well um make money from the podcast with with with with no minimum listenership, which is also great man well I mean like. You gotta grind grind grind grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything well uh like like like like you need to do all one place and to download the app go to to to to uh um um anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started Started Started Started let's get so so um in the madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed bleed bleed bleed blue forever. Listen you listen you listen you listen you know um so to my my my my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it well well well well I mean you know up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love love love love listening. Keep it so you know um up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea idea idea idea I mean uh uh how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast podcast podcast podcast. We use the okay um um anchor dot f m-- recording platform super super super super easy distributes our podcast too many many different well I mean like platforms. There's creation creation creation creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your well well well well like uh phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download Download Download Download the free um um um anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to to to to you by jig Master jigs when well uh so in doubt get the the the the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig order you know know know know um so. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash cash cash cash segment with um well okay your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we we we we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going going going going to okay um I mean be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick stick stick stick around to hear more about this you know um so juicy stuff. Do you you you you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels well okay you you you you know juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to like like like like um I mean the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how how how how to use I mean so like Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's there's there's there's a bit of a myth okay so uh in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the the the the extent of a man's sexual capacity um uh so. That's that's the greatest sexual experience experience experience experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves um okay um him limp unmotivated and tired tired tired tired afterwards. You know, you know, you know, you know, we have The Stereotype of the the the the well um I mean man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates ejaculates and then he rolls you know uh uh over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast podcast podcast podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all like so so about living your life with with with with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me I mean you you you you know I mean and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening listening listening listening you two you know you know well will be inspired to wake up every morning with with with with intention it all begins with um so um you. With me with me with me me me me with me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, you know know know know well uh my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say say say say your name like I mean uh um your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I I I I say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna you know um okay that's fair to to to to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea you know I mean mean mean mean okay Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with with with with the well um so guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name my name my my my my name my name is Sean well okay so Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How How How How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and I mean you know know know know you know just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick sick sick sick and well uh so trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed headed headed headed the right way um so well. I'm headed the right direction. I think so, so, so, so, but yeah, thanks for well um uh asking. I'm glad you're on. On the the the the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over you know well I mean the the the the weekend or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at at at at least you know well um you know, you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons patrons patrons patrons absolutely over there, which uh like well I know they appreciate so for this this this this episode or actually before I get um well you know started with the episode make sure sure sure sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news okay you know um. I'm I'm I'm I'm doing a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some well I mean mean mean mean I mean of you are doing very very well. Good job, good job, good job, job, job, job, good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload upload upload upload I mean you know uh this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot dot dot dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- Nah, man. What is it well you know uh all about Oh Oh Oh Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first I mean um you know know know know of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah um well uh uh uh uh. So are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there so so so so like like a ways to do things with it then? Oh, no no no no anchors got creation tools allow well uh I mean you to record and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer so okay you know. Wow Wow Wow Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor well you you you you know um or does it go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once well, once once once once well, once well, once you I mean you know I mean post anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify um I mean mean mean mean like Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't have to do do do do anything but post uh I mean well it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to to to to make money off of it? I mean I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean well so Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. You can you can you can you can okay uh well make money money money money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're you're you're you're saying I mean um you know is it's everything you need to to make a a a a podcast in one place. That's exactly um well like what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the it's the it's the it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a um uh you know podcast. Let me explain. It's a a a a proof. There are certain tools that allow so I mean so you to record record record record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will well uh uh uh uh uh distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast like well well and many more you can make money from your podcast with with with with no minimum listenership uh so I mean. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition you know uh okay last last last last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first first first first like I mean you know experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding wedding wedding wedding the girl told him um so so that she loves somebody else in the second second second second experience as a wedding um so so date approached the girl ran away with with with with her boyfriend in the third experience well so you know the two parties got married, but but but but within a month my friend found out that um um you know she was was was was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and you know um um um um okay asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be be be be explaining uh I mean uh to each and every single male out there specifically how to to to to become more so you know uh masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why why why why I feel that this I mean um I mean is such an important topic topic topic topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually um well well control control control control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way okay I I I I mean like they're in control of what they would like and as a man man man man um um so this is important to your success. This is ridiculously important important important important to your happiness. And not well I mean you know only that if you you you you want to become a man of value so that way um like like other other other other men or other people in general can lean on you. You're going to have uh uh uh uh well I mean to learn this. So here's the deal. If you don't have have have have a very high uh I mean I mean attention span, if you're a person who cannot cannot cannot cannot sit there and focus for two I mean you know uh uh uh uh to five minutes, you're not going to do very well. Okay, because okay, because okay, okay, okay, okay, because okay, because this okay um I mean video might take me a little bit to to to to explain so grab a pen grab a paper well well uh. If you if if if if you if you if you can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring featuring featuring featuring you know I mean you know this week. Only us to Alfie yourself yourself yourself yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the like okay okay cutout fee. How How How How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit I mean like like like like like lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad yeah sad yeah yeah yeah yeah sad yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had you know so okay our first first first first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our our our our like uh okay amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite quite quite quite to be fair. Neither you know I mean like. Are we Rob has has has has an awesome guest but we had our first we okay uh okay caught our first big big big big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last well uh um um um um week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if so if so so so so if so if you guys um so so want to hop on the blue blue blue blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself so you know you know and and and and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we you you you you know so like got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you you you you ready? All right, so I mean I mean so so it's nine to to to to nine. 9:7 3 9:7 3 9:7 3 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell tell tell tell you know uh okay you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death death death death row who will so you know so probably die of old age before actually actually actually actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a I mean I mean uh man was was was was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was um I mean mean mean mean uh arrested this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow grow grow grow old in okay I mean okay prison and 34 years later. He He He He got his wish so if you like your so like um coffee hot, but your bones bones bones bones chilled sit back and start your day with a so you know um morning cup of of of of murder. Edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 1954 1954 1954 and spent most you know well I mean of his life in Michigan with no no no no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at at at at well you know okay Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go go go go around and do something like um well special a little bit different going to to to to go around and ask random teachers if they so you know um want to to to to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going um uh like like like like to pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM well you you you you know like impromptu, they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting interesting interesting interesting answers okay well you know. I'm sure in the meantime, I want to let let let let you know that tomorrow. We have you know well well another official guest and and and and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two well like okay okay okay okay Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to to to to share with well well I mean you is unbelievable. So you want to make make make make sure you tune in this weekend. Make so make so make so so so so make so like I mean sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of of of of wisdom so uh um from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome Rome Rome Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of okay you know well philosophy at the City City City City College of New York, and I will guide you through this reading so uh uh uh uh okay In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film was was was was 342 so well I mean the mere fact that people endure the same pain more more more more easily when they voluntarily like like okay undergo it for the sake of their country country country country then when they suffer it for some um you know well lesser cause shows shows shows shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a a podcast. Let me let me let me let me I mean I mean I mean explain explain explain explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit well well well well okay I mean your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your your your your podcast for you. So okay well so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make like I mean well money from your podcast with no no no no minimum. Listen ship is everything you uh um you know need to make podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or so you know well good Echo Echo Echo Echo the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking I mean I mean mean mean mean um darkness and crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream dream dream dream went like um okay on all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 20 20 20 minutes. I wake up in so uh so the bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested manifested manifested manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, starter, starter, starter, we think okay uh I mean teachers hours each week by creating quality quality quality quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms visit so so okay teach starter.com to make your your your your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny well you know so is is is is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening okay uh uh uh uh okay goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional professional professional professional so like you know comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky quirky quirky quirky sense of humor follow him on Instagram well uh okay at Mister D D D D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's with mr. D uh uh uh uh well uh. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V V V V. Hey, mr. D um um um. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do johnny do johnny do johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, hey, hey, hey, welcome hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam so so okay cast-iron Mark Mark Mark Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? Oh um um um um well I mean good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are are are are we in like okay like the ether as a they were up there on on on on the cloud as inquiry for a um so uh while? Yeah, very yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, very yeah, very yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so so you know it's it's it's it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We you know know know know well uh need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? that that that We do we do we do we do uh okay um that by finding the the the the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can I mean uh you you you you know only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that that that that means you well so um can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top top top top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in in in in plain so so so sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a a a a fairytale caricature. It's so you know you know the infamous Michigan Dogman. If If If If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more like uh you know know know know urban legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find you'll you'll you'll you'll find you'll find you'll find new like you know uh Spotify only episodes of of of of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode um you know uh uh uh uh. Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode you you you you know uh well includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children well like I mean under 13. You don't believe in werewolves werewolves werewolves werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or like I mean mean mean mean you know Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And And And And this and this and this and this is you know okay well understanding Edge. It's It's It's It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the um well so markets markets markets markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well as okay I I I I mean um fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought thought thought thought it would okay well so be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for for for for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss okay like um what he saw over the the the the last week and a half thoughts on the FED Palace like um okay comments from from from from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to do in uh like uh uh uh uh this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you thank you thank you you you you thank you very much and enjoy Film well um so the last seven trading sessions sessions sessions sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Castle cast cast cast cast episode 2 this episode is going to well um you know be about irony and and and and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments you know like I I I I mean account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure sure sure sure about blur if well uh so he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols pistols pistols pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off well so you know my fucking we record record record record this from songs on the first time. It was only um um well well well well to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do do do do before so you know you know. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it it it it doesn't do that. I could well okay like just start to go smooth smooth smooth smooth. Yeah. All right, all right, all right, all right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly quickly quickly quickly uh I mean okay say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're counting we're counting counting counting counting we're counting down the like so like top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 31 31 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 okay um okay when players on the the the the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to so uh uh pay off off off off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking you know know know know uh you know sports events from history tune in right here every day to our our our our March Madness special. Listen like well you know free on Spotify. Or wherever you get get get get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final you know um so buzzer sounded sounded sounded sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed well you know know know know like the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of none of none of none of of of of the Northwestern players looked happy as they uh uh uh slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your your your your I mean so like host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a a a a doctorate degree in Clinical well okay you know Psychology. I'm also the founder of the the the the online group therapy platform model that care uh well I mean. I love helping people overcome overcome overcome overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please I mean okay uh join us each each each each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful you know know know know I mean like techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress stress stress stress will discuss like so I mean what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels feels feels feels like will follow our guests okay so I mean as they overcome their biggest fears fears fears fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can um I mean you know still still still still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength so um um um um well base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help help help help them generalize you know I mean um those skills towards areas where their their their their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this well um um um um um Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know know know know where okay well um to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was was was was banging Bonaparte did not uh I mean like necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined ruined ruined ruined if I'm not even talking to like you know like my boy yesterday for for for for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a uh I mean you you you you know wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause cause cause cause for uh you know you know me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as as as as a person in it. Mmm so um so. So why so why so so so so why so why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with with with with where you like okay well are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this I I I I mean like so is the app that I actually use to make and distribute distribute distribute distribute bitch work is how well um you know I first got started with the podcast and and and and it's so incredibly easy to okay like so use. It's an app you download on on on on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation so so well tool that allows you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone well so uh or computer computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it it it it can okay I mean uh be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more more more more bitch work literally got distribute okay like okay it to Modify an apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you know uh um um um um you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's it's it's it's you know uh so everything you need to make a podcast and wine wine wine wine place. If you guys want well I mean you know to get started making a a a a podcast or have an amazing idea download the um I mean you know free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys guys guys guys hey guys hey guys hey guys so like like. I am so excited to bring you you you you this week's episode of a bitch well well so work podcast. I am I I I I am I am I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on on on on Vale. I uh well I mean was scrolling through Facebook the other day and and and and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder you know uh I mean song as the the the the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And well and well and and and and well and well um okay all it did for me was remind me of the the the the greatest TV Wonder song for okay well like me of all time, which is called Love's Love's Love's Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, well well well well like you know first of all when you come up with a song lyric lyric lyric lyric like that, you've so uh I mean got to go. Um, man, I've nailed nailed nailed nailed life love is in need of Love uh um I mean Today and He's He's He's He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening well so well to to to to it the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love Love Love Love today? We well I mean you know need to give the love back to ourselves to for for for for loved it. It's that cycle okay like you know and I wanted to to to to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots um like um of of of of things in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper paper paper paper so so like Outpost the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, gosh, gosh, gosh, we are I mean like I mean actually making books and when you think think think think about this, this is really like well I mean a mind-blowing event because we we we we don't teach this in school to people but this is uh like like like like like really one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and and and and everybody would be um uh um better off if they made a book at least least least least once in their life, right well like so Holly. My parrot my parrot my parrot parrot parrot parrot my parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making making making making those well well okay books. We need more books in the world. All our books books books books are disappearing well I mean uh and it's all going digital and we just don't have have have have much of a record so so like anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper paper paper paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to make a podcast I mean uh I mean. Let me explain it's free. So if so so so so if so if so if you want to start a podcast, but I mean you know know know know you know not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with with with with. There's well I mean uh no money to put into it. So you're you're you're you're just doing it and if it works like okay you know out great, you keep keep keep keep doing it at no cost but there was no money you know you know know know know so out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want want want want to like um um go with anchor. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that that that that allow you to record and edit well I mean I mean your podcast right from your phone or or or or computer super easy. GE will gE will gE will gE will distribute your um okay I mean mean mean mean podcast for you. So it so it so it so it can be heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you know uh uh and you can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have okay so so so so uh not found that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make make make make a like you know you know podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We We We We talked to uh you know well an interesting person at a bit of pop culture culture culture culture was important when they were young so well um Our Guest today is the assistant news news news news editor of the journal body. I wanted uh you know I mean to to to to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show show show show. Thanks uh thanks uh thanks uh thanks uh uh like for watching. I'm really glad glad glad glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with well you know well a compliment their jazz jazz jazz jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real life um okay okay okay okay well. Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm super excited but you're not not not not talked about yet because it was well well well super important to me as well well well well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to I mean well okay talk about Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is this is is is is this is this is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking I mean okay you you you you know to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets assets assets assets okay so like. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just just just just about how so well well much money you have in your bank account. It's It's It's It's about establishing Harmony in your personal uh I mean well life your professional life life life life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I okay so like get get get get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP you know know know know like you know. So this is our time for us to be together and and and and for me to answer uh well I mean your questions. So here we go go go go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed so um well relationship for 15 15 15 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than okay I mean mean mean mean uh I am but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting starting starting starting you know I mean like their families. I promise I promise I promise I promise promise promise promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor investor investor investor five you know okay so of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name name name name is Jeff Wilson um so um by day. I invest in tech companies companies companies companies and at night I invest in you know okay okay sports car. Please. Join me me me me on my journey to profit from the hobby we um uh I mean all love. Hello Hello Hello Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow um um uh. Do Do Do Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card like like like like like okay Market is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things well well well well uh well. I can't I can't I can't I can't wait to tell you about about about about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name name name name my name my name my name is well so well Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and and and and Chase. And today. We have we have we have we have a wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful guest on um okay um the episode today to talk all things Orlando Orlando Orlando Orlando city. And of and of and of and of course all things I mean like like like like okay RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam Adam Adam Adam. How you like um you know doing today? Adam? I'm doing I'm doing I'm I'm I'm I'm doing I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday um uh uh uh uh uh. I should I should I should I should say rough game yesterday. It was it it it it was it was it was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I um um um um you know okay began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind kind kind kind of host okay I mean like how to do it in general when I I I I was trying to browse. It you it you it you it you know well I I I I mean was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot dot dot dot f well uh like m is all about, you know, it's so seamless seamless seamless seamless so friendly for a neophyte like like so well me. Started podcasting few days ago ago ago ago and you must try this. If you are looking well you know like at doing doing doing doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can you you you you know I mean so always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release release release release well well well for me, it's all about the music and I forget forget forget forget Les Mills. I forget the choreography and okay okay okay I don't even think think think think about it being a workout. I just listened to the songs like like I mean mean mean mean and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the um um well well well well shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, I I I I just um well so try and listen to the music as many times as possible, possible, possible, possible, but I'm not well um um even thinking about the lesson was broken all all all all the work out. It's just filled you know um so music and what happens Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all I mean you know okay these these these these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going going going going to be I mean uh I mean or when it will be but it just just just just happens after you listen to it for so uh I mean a while and and and and then when you actually then go right let's plug in and learn um you know okay okay okay okay the choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally naturally naturally naturally in okay like okay the music. So those little moments that your son or little little little little hit movement or okay I mean you know shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to well well well well well um pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil soil soil soil our environment our bodies I mean I mean like and the rural economy. I'm Neil Neil Neil Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's so you know okay in hell hell hell hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis you know okay well well well well of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's you that's you you you you that's you that's you know so I mean transparent and what its cost cost cost cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to like okay so so so so address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working working working working Americans like well so. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician politician politician politician winning seats in well like so the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Senate before serving a term as you know like well lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a okay like like like like so little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. I uh um um absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really really really really awesome creation tools uh well you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right from your phone or your like so okay computer and anchor distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify you know um you know know know know Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from um um um um so you know your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just just just just really um I mean uh everything that you need to make a podcast in in in in one place. So I so I so I so I find I mean I I I I mean well it really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the the the the free anchor I mean well I mean app or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started and I'm telling you I mean I mean I mean it's just just just just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into okay uh like like like like creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes minutes minutes minutes. You'll like you know okay be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your your your your host Rick Hughes. Good morning good morning good morning good morning okay so so so so so and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host host host host Rick Hughes and for the next few minutes I mean um like. You have you you you you have you have you have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes minutes minutes minutes of motivation some inspiration some okay you know I mean education without any type of manipulation manipulation manipulation manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of God that well so you know will help help help help you verify and identify the plan of God for your life if um I I I I mean like you'd like to know that and if you want to orient orient orient orient and just so you know I mean to the plan then you can do so so so so you have freedom and privacy to do you know um um that that that that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a um so so so so like podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record record record record like like okay and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid covid covid covid distribute your podcast for um well so you. So it can be heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you well so well can make money money money money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you uh you know I I I I mean need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good good good good Echo the I mean like like FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This This This This Is wealth talk. I'm so um like like excited about talking to you about money, but but but but not just money wealth means wisdom you know I mean I mean expansion assets assets assets assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about uh okay like how much much much much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your so so so so well okay personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode episode episode episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name you know I mean I mean is Kiran Kiran Kiran Kiran Krishnan. And today and today and today and today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and and and and we hear okay I mean well talk about something that is kind of alien to me me me me. I am not very I'm very you know okay I mean informed on this and and and and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen uh you know okay tell tell tell tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you yes, yes, yes, yes, you yes, you yes, you you know okay so washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a a a a culture. Where back where? I when like you know uh I when we grew up so so so so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 so uh so 2 2 2 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback okay okay okay okay I mean you know and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually actually actually actually watched anime when they were kids okay so like. They just don't realize it. So it's it's it's it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon uh like you know Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from from from from you know um um modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the the the the youth minister at st well like so. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, Jose, Jose, Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm okay you know so the the the the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead I I I I mean so um. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a a a a super special episode for you okay you know um today. It's very special special special special. We we we we we we we we haven't posted in like maybe a a a a week. Yeah. I'm due to so you know you know some stuff that we'll we'll we'll we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts were butts were butts were butts were were were were in our I mean uh okay Lenten season now, so we actually have a a a a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this you know I mean so week guys, we we we we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going you know so so so so you know to talk all things lent. We're going to do some things that that that that are a little like so I mean different from what we usually do on on on on a podcast and it switch it like um uh up a little bit Don't Don't Don't Don't Know remix of the episode of you're really like I mean okay fine and we we we we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual so so so so okay okay principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My My My My name my name my name my name is well you know okay Kevin Clarke. We are are are are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to like well so so so so understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical radical radical radical okay okay you know transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward forward forward forward to this episode and also having okay uh I mean a new guest guest guest guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder I mean like so who who who who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also like okay okay okay okay you know happens to be my girlfriend. So it's so it's so it's so it's going going going going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah you know like you know. Um, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do I mean you you you you know so you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made jeff made jeff made jeff made the most maybe the most interesting interesting interesting interesting man in the world also do well so um well is a complete babe babe babe babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're okay so um live. How's everybody everybody everybody everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome so so you know know know know dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training training training training your uh uh you know dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin Kelvin Kelvin Kelvin chef Kelvin chef Kelvin chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this okay I mean mean mean mean well is the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour one-hour one-hour one-hour show today? you know you know so It's because I'm still sick and trust me me me me. I've been sleeping out onions, and like okay so I've Invest lean on my feet with with with with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So uh well uh uh uh uh that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm I'm I'm I'm well okay so Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the treatment room with test test test test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians I mean um like for estheticians. And those who who who who seek to learn about their own skin from um you know okay a professionals perspective perspective perspective perspective. We're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists therapists therapists therapists sharing in our career you know uh you know Journeys in separating the gimmicks gimmicks gimmicks gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the uh you know so so so so treatment room. Hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, welcome back to the the the the treatment room with Tess and like well uh Lauren. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren today. So we have gathered a so you know uh few questions. We would would would would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure okay you know um um um um we're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is this is this is this is Kia and Mama windy windy windy windy. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles I mean so so so so well. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on on on on which is Mama uh uh well Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but but but but not the first my daughter you know well I mean Carly will be on later later later later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On uh I mean I I I I mean this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was was was was I mean you know uh on America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful so so so so okay well I have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes like uh like you podcast? This episode were mainly going going going going to talk about no judgment the song uh so like and the video as well well well well as the falling music video which came out today as um um so we're we're we're we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just we're just we're we're we're we're just we're just gonna uh I mean well talk about nylon Harry because that's our our our our favorite thing to do and we have a special you know you know so guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a a a a music well uh um Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I I I I interview musicians that I um so I mean think are doing really cool cool cool cool things right now and ask them questions about all well I mean so the the the the really cool things. They're doing they're doing they're doing they're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're we're we're we're talking about the I mean I mean like lived experiences in our lives that lead lead lead lead us to create and listen to so so well the music that we we we we do welcome back to we live in a music Society. I okay I okay okay okay okay I okay I okay like I mean am so so excited for this this this this episode. So I'm going to get to call one of um like so my favorite musicians musicians musicians musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made I mean I mean like with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear schmear schmear schmear. That's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect for spreading on so um um um um um your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only only only only subject for debate okay so I mean the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has has has has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia uh you know like schmear perfection. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I'm like I'm like I'm I'm I'm I'm like I'm like well okay joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and and and and Roger has the floor. Best uh well so day for Holiday to be during the the the the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is well so so an inferior option to to to to just having a random holiday in the middle of the you know like um week week week week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of our holidays holidays holidays holidays on like so um to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you thank you thank you thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with with with with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I you know I mean um have some piping piping piping piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your like um you you you you know very own podcast? What now? You can you can you can you can with this really really really really cool app called um okay well anchor FM best part of this app is that it's it's it's it's totally free. There's a creation tool so like I mean that allows you to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your um like you know know know know computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on so like you know Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make money from your podcast with no okay so like minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in in in in a podcast in one place. So make so make so make so make um um um um you know you know sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is is is is what type in hat uh okay okay. Get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, ready, ready, ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you you you you um like uh the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely lovely lovely lovely. Teeth okay teeth okay teeth okay teeth okay um I mean 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney Disney Disney Disney uh uh like plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on on on on Twitter by at like well I mean BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino demartino demartino demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and gold um I mean like that is a a a a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was well well you you you you know circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly okay well well well well like what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing seeing seeing seeing a so you know um kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady Lady Lady Lady versions of loci or uh uh like straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his his his his form quite a few times so you know okay after being brought back to them them them them dead. And it looks like we're getting I mean okay uh at least two two two two versions so will be fun to see what else we might okay okay okay okay like okay see in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let Let Let Let us know uh okay so what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure sure sure sure to hit that like like you know um button and subscribe for your daily dose dose dose dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over I mean okay I mean to Marvel movie movie movie movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and I mean so so so so I mean if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing you know know know know uh you know show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little little little little circles with your I mean so well brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week week week week where every day we talk about heroic um I mean so women who changed history history history history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois uh uh I mean mean mean mean. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and and and and an okay I mean uh African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people people people people had many riches but there uh I mean like was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's up with with with with your boy Anthony? It's going on and I mean like okay show Paul took one one one one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its so so you know Eli Eli Eli Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to well um um um um okay get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and and and and okay um okay decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now now now now here we are like okay I mean. So yeah, it's just the boys boys boys boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we I mean well okay figured why why why why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're like okay okay okay okay you know our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to like like like like so uh all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already I'm already I'm already I'm I'm I'm I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? well okay well okay well okay well okay um um um um Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was allen was allen was allen allen allen allen was the first victim discovered in a well you know well series of slangs slangs slangs slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary you know uh you know tale tale tale tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and um you you you you know like want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our like like like like well like Series today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day day day day follow uh um so today in True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, well um uh March 4th 2020 on this day in in in in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college so um uh student in Santa Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a you know like well well well well ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with with with with us. We are we are we are we are back with back baby like okay okay okay okay okay after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been like so uh uh uh uh going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna gonna gonna gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna I mean well I mean Get Get Get Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we well like like like like um have no excuses. Just let's just let's just let's just let's just you know, know, know, know, he's busy he is busy and okay um okay then we came back to UNI UNI UNI UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be so well you know know know know completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood mood mood mood but um uh um we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back back back back thing is though a I mean you know okay lot of people have been been been been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are what are what are what are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead ahead ahead ahead. No, can I get a what-what? I mean like like Absolutely, not today today today today. We watch we watch we watch we watch season 2 episode 14 sudden sudden sudden sudden death, which uh okay so is what we all wanted by the end of it it it it. I think my jock okay okay so lighter is in danger. He dies dies dies dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is well uh uh uh uh okay going on? I need I need I need I need a fam we're we're we're we're back for another day another week some more than uh like I mean 90 90 90 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes Yes Yes Yes and um I mean so episode like 58 have already bonded with these people people people people. Let me just tell you I mean uh you know really Sonu. I know and and and and I know there's some I love okay so off the like okay I mean top top top top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to you know know know know well you know the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to to to to talk about okay so like because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a you know uh like daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what what what what it means to live well so um with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians second Corinthians second second second second Corinthians second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So so uh um we do not lose lose lose lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self uh um well well well well is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing preparing preparing preparing for um okay well us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look look look look not to the well uh I mean things that are seeing but to the things things things things that are unseen for the things well I mean I mean that are seen seen seen seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor anchor anchor anchor if um uh I mean you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to make a podcast first off well I mean like. It's free doesn't cost you a dime dime dime dime. In fact, it can make you money. There's um uh so creation tools that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean um uh or your your your your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely made on so so so so okay I mean. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can be heard on you know I mean well Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you you you you would download a podcast. This one's huge you know uh uh. You don't need need need need a minimum listenership in order to Make money from your podcast anger okay okay okay okay so like will sell the ads for you you record the ones that you want want want want and they um okay so go on your podcast. It's everything that you need need need need to make a podcast all in uh uh so one place. So if you've you've you've you've always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to um like okay start start start start now, you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on on on on you know okay uh FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor anchor anchor anchor for well well so giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams dreams dreams dreams. All right, all right, all right, all right, this so I mean uh is is is is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow allow allow allow like you know uh you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone and computer. Anchor will okay okay uh also distribute your podcast for you so so so so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like I mean you know many many many many more. Yeah. I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an anchor acres are are are are really cool tool and we're um like so extremely happy to be partnered with with with with them and using them to help make our like like well podcast and you know, know, know, know, it's also an easy way for you to make money I mean so so so so so from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need okay so so so so like to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in in in in doing something well like like like this, you know, go download the free anchor app app app app or go to um you know I mean Anchor dot f m-- to Started Started Started Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA um um um um uh okay Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So So So So yeah, so what so uh like up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? again again again It doesn't jerseys guys. I like you know so so them. Anyway, when we we we we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, hi, everyone, hi, everyone, hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm and and and and I'm and I'm and I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has bargain has bargain has bargain bargain bargain bargain has all she um um you know on top and Blake all good. So So So So today so today so today so today we are recording the first episode okay you you you you know okay of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two two two two or three so you know so months. He has smelt a long story short short short short may not going to be in touch um okay like for a while and I I I I made not for sample cups of coffee on the so well um lisburn road and and and and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may okay like um um um um help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts so I mean I mean into action. And if we can help at at at at least one other person as okay well I mean a byproduct of our conversations recording recording recording recording and Publishing it then we think this is so okay I mean a very very very very valuable form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going okay okay okay okay okay uh to basically introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more more more more about who I mean uh okay you actually listened to and then down down down down the line move very much want to um okay you know delve into some of of of of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by you know okay like where where where where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a uh uh uh uh um I mean wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship worship worship worship tutor. We find uh I mean well lessons and stories in the most unlikely of of of of places. We call them modern-day Parables so well so. So grab your favorite favorite favorite favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join um so you know know know know us for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey like um um um um okay and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a a a a part of our okay so okay family. Now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're you're you're you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're okay okay okay okay you know um part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family family family family now, right? Hi you know well um KC is Lady Danielle here? I I I I just wanted to say thank you for sharing uh um so your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes like okay okay okay okay um. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to to to to but you know so um I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's there's there's there's nothing better than to know um I mean so an answer that you like like like like. So beat so beat so beat so beat the drum of it just to hear you you you you know I mean you know it. Sometimes they call it your name and and and and my thoughts. Do you do you do you do you ever hear me I I I I mean like well every time? Now that's now that's now that's now that's funny funny funny funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes um like you know I I I I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so yes, so yes, so yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to uh um um um um so all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a a a a premium I mean uh okay account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on on every imaginable topic plus you can well uh like follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an an an an episode premium users can download episodes like um I mean to listen to offline wherever wherever wherever wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends um you know know know know you know on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be be be be sure to download the you know well well Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on on on on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your I mean um well library tab. Also, make make make make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal um I mean mean mean mean well Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode episode episode episode 950 and I'm dr okay like you know. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to to to to another special Friday edition of Optimal I mean like I mean Health daily where where where where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the so the so the so the other night I was getting some support support support support from a coach. And yes, I uh well so have a coach coaches need need need need coaches and I was talking to my coach because I okay okay um um um um had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard hard hard hard it can be sometimes okay um um and I realized I had allowed myself to to to to fall into this pattern of uh like I mean just beating myself up in a really really really really unhelpful. A way, which I know better well I mean you know than to to to to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop I mean well well well well um and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me me me me okay I mean um so very profound and the shift that it has created created created created since then has been well you know okay so powerful that he just just just just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer Shermer Shermer Shermer. I'm Parker link okay I mean like and this episode we talk about Lego Lego Lego Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for you know so I mean the the the the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too you know know know know well I mean. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope hope hope hope that you have some kind of you know so so beverage with you. You can sip sip sip sip along with yes up along with us with like like uh we got got got got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage okay um um um um okay of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually we usually we usually usually usually usually we usually watch a Lego Masters so okay you know on this night, but mmm mmm mmm mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters like okay uh. So background background background background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was um um um um well um the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it it it it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with Ford uh okay like copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist assist assist assist Technologies. It's built it's built it's built it's built to help well um um you outsmart outsmart outsmart outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and so okay okay okay okay well then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is is is is Monday, March uh um like 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader Trader Trader Trader. Nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson was arrested for you know know know know like so defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He He He He would you know uh so subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the the the the collapse of one of the oldest you know like I mean Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but but but but like well like you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr Dr Dr Dr. Bradley is here to help on okay well I mean Bradley's micro Board review review review review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to uh okay okay okay okay okay two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all well well well well well okay the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original original original original board style um um I mean question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere anywhere anywhere anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart my heart my heart my heart was was was was like it's scary but you need to you know I mean so do this. Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your hearts you know I mean mean mean mean okay Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women women women women to harness uh you know I mean the power of their period and connected FM FM FM FM has blood in this episode uh so so. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones hormones hormones hormones confidence health food money sex I mean okay I mean business feminine flow your your your your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our like um well well well well heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and and and and so well well drink bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the the the the shit that you know uh um people are thinking cook too afraid to to to to say so if you didn't already you know you know you know see basically I I I I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in um so uh New York York York York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New New New New you know um so York like crazy with like subletting and whatever and I was was was was I was renting um like okay a friend's apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah so okay um. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last last last last weekend and you know so you know she just like got right and did not not not not try to get to know like so um me at all was like, what what what what would you say is your main issue? And I was so um uh like, like, like, like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's so so so so uh you know do this. Okay, there okay, there okay, there okay, okay, okay, okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to so um um um um um business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like like like like I always you know like okay need to be in control and she's like, is is is is that what you do comedy? And I um um I mean was like, I I I I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's like I well you know know know know okay am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's like you know you know word life purpose values values values values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply I mean well okay on on on on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning well okay okay okay okay so and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really I really I I I I really I really actually want you to um um uh tweet me your feedback on how how how how you like weekly be in podcast form um well okay. So please so please so so so so please so please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag you you you you know so uh garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I I I I can see your feedback like you know like on weekly B7. Please hit me up up up up with some feedback on Twitter on how I mean I mean okay you like listening to to to to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, well you know so it's youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary um I mean you you you you know Vee audio experience everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on on on on LinkedIn so uh I mean. Let's put in your phone numbers. We're going to call call call call somebody in LinkedIn you know uh well live put in your phone number and and and and your question and then teams going to pick you know so um which ones ones ones ones but I have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the the the the buildings okay you know you know and I want I'm right next to milli milli milli milli vanilli's. Are you are you are you are you like that? Right? I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes episodes episodes episodes I mean you know uh right? I think so. I don't want to just let let let let it sit here if I'm I mean you know okay not using it, but but but but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because I mean um you you you you know it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is is is is warm when I mean like you know outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had Had Had Had all my stuff with me as okay like so most New Yorkers do we're we're we're we're always carrying stuff. Just taking just taking just taking just taking out the trash trash trash trash. Too like you know um warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank Thank Thank Thank you. Almost got killed by so like okay someone before crossing the street. Thank Thank Thank Thank you for being polite. So I so I so I so I well you know um um um um was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money um okay okay okay okay you know comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal normal normal normal standard than well you know uh I feel like a failure and that's like like like like any standard. So like if it's let's um you know like just say like I I I I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a you know well um um um um month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like like like like tripling so uh like it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I I I I don't know why I don't uh I mean you know know how to to to to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because uh well like like like like you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of like I I I I mean like our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name my name my name my name is Lorna Liz um I mean mean mean mean so love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of of of of a so like I mean million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and uh uh uh uh well well this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll we'll we'll we'll see how it goes I mean well uh. It's been a long time coming. We've We've We've We've been saying we're going to do it for I mean I mean um um um um a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to I mean mean mean mean okay uh say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro intro intro intro music. Hey, yeah. All I mean okay well right. Let's get into into into into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the um like uh uh uh uh Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time time time time. Yeah, trying to uh you know I mean figure it out. It's kind of kind of of of of nervous. But you know, we'll get a um well okay gun. Sorry now here in in in in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move well so like it down down down down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would would would would always okay uh um date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until until until until you saw this all of I mean uh well this and I gave all of my my my my family a sigh of relief. What's up what's up what's up what's up well okay okay okay okay okay RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a a a a good day like um so. I am I am I am I am I'm I'm I'm I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up okay okay okay okay so I mean super early got a lot of work done one for a a a a walk worked out um you know um did some fun stuff and now we're we're we're we're filming the podcast. I woke up I mean uh okay late. I like what what what what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and well um like then 30 10 10 10 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to like uh I mean mean mean mean power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by um um um um so well with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? today today today - oh -oh -oh -oh for uh like okay sure. You know you know you you you you know you know how we were talking. Am I am I am I am am am am I meeting right now? I just I just I just I just um um um um I mean you know got home from the gym. So I so I so I so so so so I apologize for any background noises munching on some uh you know uh uh uh uh food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at at at at the Miller I mean I mean I mean. But yeah, okay. So I so I so so so so I so I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people so people so people so people are always asking me. Wow, Donna Donna Donna Donna. You must you must you must you must be so tech-savvy you know uh uh uh uh uh how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack crack crack crack up because like okay um I am not tech savvy. I just use an app app app app called anchor which I highly recommend so well I mean to anyone. It is a free free free free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on how to you know I mean so so so so create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's tools I I I I mean like okay and the best part is that they distribute the out out out out your podcast for you and So uh like uh if you're interested in making making making making a podcast just download the free anchor app or uh um well well well well go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot dot dot dot f m-- you know so so and you can have a podcast to welcome welcome welcome welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good well um so sign with me your your your your host honest him in Tove. Thank you thank you thank you thank you so much much much much for so uh okay tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a um I I I I mean um name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my my my my last name kind of well uh um lame. But but then I was told that people may may may may think that breakfast at um uh uh Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, know, know, know, the actual restaurant program, so so um okay I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't don't don't don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone doing? like well well I I I I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts well well I mean that I have on other social media platforms whether whether whether whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What so what so what so what so like like like like like have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's stuck stuck stuck stuck in okay okay uh my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never you never you never you never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy let's copy let's copy let's copy copy copy copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee you know I mean um and thank you for your applause applause applause applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We you know like okay tape here in honeycomb honeycomb honeycomb honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also so um um um um like a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a well well well well okay well number of people who record here as well. Now if you are are are are enjoying the uh you know um content, Not that we're putting out whether it it it it be about four games or let's coffee, um you know okay which is about coffee coffee coffee coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click okay you know like like like like the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening so okay okay okay okay so via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave leave leave leave a comment um you know you know if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you do you do you do you own a business or have you been been been been thinking about starting one? If I mean so like so, we're excited to share share share share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools so um you you you you know that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for for for for / create um um um to access your free guide and turn your dreams into into into into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create you know um I mean. Begin right here here here here. Yes. What a treat. I want I want I want I want to stop being being being being so nervous. Hi well hi well hi well hi well um okay. I was was was was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's um I mean mean mean mean like fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest youngest youngest youngest son uh um um of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran catamaran catamaran catamaran off the southwestern coast so so okay of what is now New Guinea when it it it it flipped over he tried to swim to shore, so uh like but he was was was was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two uh so you you you you know hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These These These These all these all these all these all have one uh okay so thing in common, they're they're they're they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're working twice well I mean well well well well as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our regular so so so so like I mean shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being uh uh uh uh so I mean broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am am am am your host pain Rosales you know like okay and thank you for joining me me me me again on an episode of Inside the Mind well okay you know the show show show show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into well well I mean mean mean mean bigger acts in the future today. I am I am I am I am joined joined joined joined by or joy. Joined with joined with joined with joined with rather well well um um um um a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and and and and say which okay I mean so which instrument you guys play starting off with with with with you? What up? What up? My name? My um you know like name name name name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall well well well well uh I mean Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it it it it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is life is life is is is is life is not that I mean okay well easy. You need you need need need need you need you need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed bed bed bed more targeted uh like um a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got um well well well well um done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena Elena Elena Elena and okay well uh man it was windy. It was super cold. We're going going going going we're going we're going we're going to get more into detail I mean mean mean mean okay I mean about that here soon. But first but first but first but but but but first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a I mean um well well well well Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure go figure go figure go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests guests guests guests Jackson uh well so Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you how you how you how you you you you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are how are how are how are uh uh uh uh you know uh you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I I I I thanks for having okay like you know me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm I'm I'm I'm really excited. This is this is this is this is the podcast. I um um um um well so originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice Nice Nice Nice little like um uh full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be be be be able to do uh uh well this and on such a such a high note note note note. Note. So for those of you so like so listening at home both Jackson and and and and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both well like so be playing in Nationals this this this this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball uh okay like so Connor, why why why why don't you just tell us a little bit about so you know okay growing up up up up and playing for the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I I mean mean mean mean like you know said it back on my first podcast like me and Jackson kind kind kind kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are are are are Jordan Davis. Thank uh um well you so much for tuning in. You could have have have have chosen another podcast to listen I mean okay uh to you taking the time to listen listen listen listen to me. And so and so and so and so I am grateful and well well well well so okay I do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a a a a year you know you know so to the day after a really bad car accident accident accident accident that left my car totaled I mean um okay. I was in a hard place of of of of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that so like okay moment to Humble me me me me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize well okay so what what what what are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to you you you you know uh like impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write write write write. Okay connectivity. Okay this okay this okay this okay this uh uh um passion for politics politics politics politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you if you if if if if you if you haven't heard about anchor its well I mean so easiest way to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation like uh so tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay I I I I mean like or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could could could could be heard on okay uh well Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can make money from your podcast with no well so like minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you need to make a podcast all in one place uh like um. So So So So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to well I I I I mean well get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going going going going to like I mean I mean talk about President Reagan fear love and a a a a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined so so so so so you know by Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before before before before. I um well well know that we fought the Revolutionary War for a a a a reason but what this country okay well um needs is a king. Oh my God now now now now listen. Listen, I'm not saying I mean I mean uh we need a monarch with with with with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go well you know so to to to to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look but look but look but look at at at at England right now okay well like how much better would our political discourse discourse discourse discourse be if we would just elect the king for okay like uh every like like like like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king like well well. But But But But we but we but we but we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're They're They're They're as prime minister is actually so so uh making the decision, right? So he's have have have have a guy who's a guy or a so um well gal whose job is to to to to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The so I mean mean mean mean you know first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you if you if if if if you if you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have we have we have we have to pay the bills, and if if if if you guys have been thinking about starting like um okay your own podcast, let let let let me tell you something. If you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about uh uh I mean anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free their you know um uh creation tools that allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay you you you you know uh computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on on on on Spotify Apple podcast okay um like and many more you can make money from your your your your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything I mean like like you need to make a a a a podcast in one place. So download the free acre like um you know app app app app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips like like like like I mean um and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the the the the best deal what so uh you know scans to watch out for and much more more more more here's your host and one of so well so the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free free free free um you know uh. Those are those are those are those are creation tool tool tool tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from uh I mean like like like like your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so so so so you so you can be um so so heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more you can make money from your um I mean okay podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in you you you you know uh well one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to our I mean so well very first episode of of of of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for you? you you you you know you know I mean We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme theme theme theme song that you just heard is okay so um by a local. Band Band Band Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their new release. Y'all ain't y'all y'all y'all y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't uh well you know no that is dropping everywhere Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells okay so so. That's off that's off off off off that's off that's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered uh so so so so so starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I I I I can't um um I mean tell you how easy it was for me me me me to start my podcast and get it I mean uh so up and running running running running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I uh so like had had had had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms uh uh uh uh um well again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone phone phone phone from you know um okay my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want want want want to do I can like um okay do it. It's free it's free it's free free free free it's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped you know know know know uh I mean me with so much. They literally do it. All I all all all all I all I all I can't think of a better I mean I mean uh uh uh uh place to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it doesn't it doesn't matter so I mean well again. So download the free app today today today today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- so so uh to get started started started started again download the app today. It's free, or you can go uh so you you you you know to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's so let's so let's so let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit bit bit bit of I mean um well an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast cast cast cast Jose here. Thought um okay um I'd give you a bit of a rundown of of of of what this podcast is going okay like I mean to be about. Each week and and and and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself like like so set up for for for for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven seven seven seven well well so years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening listening listening listening to everything about um like I mean the game The Players the trades the injuries injuries injuries injuries and so I thought why don't I so I mean well give you my thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players like um um um um you know who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening listening listening listening to uh uh I mean the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite favorite favorite favorite coach. Go to go to go to go to management follow him on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter you know okay okay at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where where where where you can record edit and like you know uh publish all from your smartphone smartphone smartphone smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple okay well I mean podcast Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek you you you you know well like area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this this this this thing to get so okay like launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name name name name is Adam Ludlow CEO I mean um uh and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We We We We are a fitness based community in so you know like North Spokane that does coach coach coach coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that's well I mean you you you you know been on my mind for a while and it's time for it it it it to go. So I mean so uh here we go with episode. I I I I want I want I want I want to talk a little bit about why um um um um um like we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's so so so so I mean um get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of of of of our values that we've uh um well always had for our fitness Community Community Community Community that's six and a half years old is um you know so to always be improving improving improving improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other other other other Dreadful um um um Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different different different different cultures and other scary stories as I mean well so well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and um you know uh other Dreadful Curiosities. If you you you you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I mean you know I I I I mean I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go uh uh uh uh um like follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next next next next episode comes out, you you know uh like know? Yeah, just yeah, just yeah, just yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode well I I I I mean I mean of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Tina to um like like talk about the perfect storm of things that are are are are happening in the world that are okay you know well bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on on on on right now particularly this week in American markets you know so you know globally globally globally globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one one one one always I mean well so bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This This This This episode this episode this episode this episode is brought uh so like to you by the the the the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend like I I I I mean I mean reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday. He was like, ah, okay like so let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you you you you told me download that what was so you know I mean it the cash yet? yet yet yet That's what I said. It's the it's the it's the it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest way to buy Bitcoin I mean okay I mean. He had to be refreshed his memory memory memory memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a you know um um little video on my my my my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I I mean so uh did that that that that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of of of of the how to Hardscape podcast where okay uh like we talk to you about how how how how you can start and grow your um I mean well hardscaping business and on today's today's today's today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every um I mean you know day day day day we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for uh uh uh uh uh like landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and uh uh um um um um what you need to do to be able to track and Target keywords I I I I mean like um to show up as a Top of search engine results. So without without without without further I mean uh okay Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a website website website website. That is search engine like well uh optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been been been been working on for the past 5 years uh so uh at least now with with with with creating websites and how two hearts keep was the next one um you know like like like like in a series of websites that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm I'm I'm I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys uh like okay podcast before we get get get get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk I mean uh I mean a a a a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have I have have have have I have I have a script I um um you know will admit. So if if if if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way I mean um well to make make make make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow like like like like uh so you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will well so well distribute your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast like um uh my bad and many more you can make money from your your your your podcast with no um like you know minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's well like like like like um get this rolling. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back to to to to the podcast is the boys again. We got I mean you know uh been been been been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all we're all we're all all all all we're all the hosts. Obviously I mean uh um. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so so so so it's so it's so it's so good you know well you know and how well for for for for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you record I mean mean mean mean okay like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes distributes distributes distributes your podcast everywhere um you know uh to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So So So So if you're looking to start your own um you know uh podcast look look look look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's uh here's here's here's here's uh here's uh here's uh I mean um the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks Fricks Fricks Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh you oh you oh you you you you oh you know uh so my God. I tried all we can to kind of of of of maintain my West you know you know uh Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's Colton Emmett here you know you know like Wiley, and and and and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we just okay like like like like like talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's What's What's What's on what's on what's on what's on the deal today like um well guys? guys guys guys So today we first we just want to thank you all. Listening and you know um um um um well how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners. So So So So um like okay it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt yogurt yogurt yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki okay you know well Love To Go. Hi Hi Hi Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time okay okay okay okay okay okay major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental rental rental rental yields well uh uh in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are are are are we talking about Parnell given that which you know okay so is an affluent suburb suburb suburb suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not likely an um like uh investor investor investor investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago ago ago ago. I well I mean um got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in in in in New Zealand and they um okay like said can you comment on an article that that that that we're writing for our website where like so well they were showing by the latest core logic logic logic logic data that the the median gross rental yield on so um like a three-bedroom house and and and and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the so so okay gross gross gross gross yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where where where where I mean okay okay we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for joining uh you know uh us for our first ever ever ever ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We are I mean like uh celebrating women women women women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, so we like like like like I mean I mean thought it'd be a good opening topic as two two two two female podcast. Has Amy what so uh um could stuff have you heard in the the the the news this week? Okay, so I know in okay so um a moment you're you're you're you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of news that was was was was okay you know like covered in the media last week. So I thought it it it it might be nice for okay uh uh me to start with maybe a a a a slightly smaller you story that people haven't necessarily I mean I mean okay heard about about about about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an uh well well well well uh article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host so like so Simon Simon Simon Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These These These These like I mean uh are the audio versions of our videos that were originally originally originally originally published on YouTube. If okay like okay you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us us us us a review on Apple podcasts or well um like Oye podcast. Also, you are are are are say hi to me on social media on Instagram you know uh so Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say you you you you know well so hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show show show show and let's get into it you know like I mean. Hello. I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today um I mean mean mean mean so. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something something something something totally different most I mean um uh of us go through life and and and and not knowing who we are or what uh um okay we want to do do do do at least until a few decades in we go through many you know um I I I I mean false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find like like like like like um the one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the the the the okay so well most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. Could you please so like you know take a minute and give us a a a a five star rating? This would this would this would this would really help us so um um um um okay to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria and and and and my name is Rory and we are you know uh um the hosts of of of of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March the um you you you you know so 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from from from from four o'clock so so so. Until five until five until five until five o'clock Moscow Moscow Moscow Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when you can see um so like like like like Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full ayats ayats ayats ayats speaking test okay um uh. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be fun so well you know. So please do do do do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay so uh you know. Absolutely. We We We We really insisted everybody. Is there is there is there is there click on on on on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah well well well well well um Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and and and and like uh like Jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee Glee Glee Glee or from their well you know um current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are we we we we are we are we are going to be talking about being in our okay okay so 30s 30s 30s 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk talk talk talk about uh I mean um cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why why why why oh why oh why oh why I feel like nervous you know um so today, today, today, today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why um um um um um well I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't weren't weren't weren't privy to prior like so you know to this was my frenetic trying to get get get get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here well so I mean for 30 30 30 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've I've I've I've so well like just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate hate hate hate more than well um okay when you show up to somebody's thing and they're they're they're they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are how are how are how are you today? Are Are Are Are you fine? If you if you if you if you have fight say uh like like like like well thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his like okay okay okay okay so goodness and mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a you you you you know you know like son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank Thank Thank Thank you, Jesus so uh I mean. You may be seated in his presence. I'm I'm I'm I'm not sure if you are aware of what well well well is on on on on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from uh uh uh uh so well my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts Starts Starts Starts okay you know so Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding bodybuilding bodybuilding bodybuilding. My name my name my name my name is Luke. I'm uh so um here here here here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing good, good, good, good, uh well you know man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk okay so I mean now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to to to to the Riverdale after show. What like what like what like what like you know know know know so a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight tonight tonight tonight you know so so. And so far first off we're gonna go go go go with like just this whole jugged uh well so 30 drama mystery. There's so so so so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their so like I mean normal Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the the the the so uh you know end and then of course at the end. And we'll be be be be doing our class uh okay well clown class president. So if you guys guys guys guys have a class clown class present for this uh so like episode, please start sending sending sending sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I I mean like um am am am am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have I I I I mean I mean um some thoughts so that I can also cut you as as as as you guys as my co-host so like uh because I will be relying on you you you you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk well well like about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we we we we could have okay like uh done it without you guys. So thanks so thanks thanks thanks thanks so thanks so thanks for everything and like my new front so uh like like like like tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it okay okay okay okay I mean uh to purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, Now, Now, Now, well well like let's get into this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are Are Are Are you are you are you are you gonna fucking fix like um well it? Hi Hi Hi Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is this is this is this is Ruth from ACC media well um um um um I mean today. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by a New New New New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire so like I mean and athlete athlete athlete athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New New New New okay I mean uh Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering covering covering covering the ACC this year. So welcome well you know okay guys Luke. I might start start start start with you if that's okay. We've been we've been we've been we've been chatting chatting chatting chatting a fair so okay you know bit over the last couple of months about you you you you guys. Me across me across me across me across to cover this you know know know know like I mean event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, um, yeah, um, um, um, um, yeah, um, yeah, so I was born and raised in so you know uh uh uh uh Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New Zealand and continued continued continued continued okay okay uh to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your host Rose eaters in each episode well okay um. We are going to tackle tough topics gain gain gain gain valuable insight and learn tools you know you know okay that you can apply apply apply apply to your life to provide hope and help for you like I mean well well well well or a loved one with BPD. I have I have I have I have been working working working working as a licensed professional you know I mean I mean counselor and nutrition and and and and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of I mean so um an an an an online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected you you you you know um um families navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do so so so so much that okay um um I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute Institute Institute Institute well well um of social sciences who have t and we present to you you you you goonch go to you know I mean you know the podcast where we we we we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from um you know you you you you know current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you you you you uh like I mean plan on conducting interviews with guests from both within within within within and outside of our campus um well like. We also we also we also also also also we also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics topics topics topics okay well um we have something for our listeners as well. We will be be be be having fun contest you know um I mean for our listeners as as as as well as a few surprise segments. I hope I hope I hope I hope hope hope hope all this mess okay well uh will join us on this journey filled filled filled filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, um so I mean don't forget to to to to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something okay um you you you you know for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as as as as well as um like so a few surprise segments. I hope all this this this this mess will join us well like um on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope I I I I hope I hope I hope like I mean I mean you're well today. Do Do Do Do you do you do you do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had had had had I had I had I had a you know well well moment this week with with with with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised well like uh. It's always always always always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really really really really well so uh good at that and then someone asks you a question and you you you you go uh okay so always like that. I think I'm good at that or or or or the time actually good at that uh well I mean so I have been been been been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard it's hard it's hard hard hard hard it's hard like like like pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels feels feels feels it feels it feels it feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around um um uh uh uh uh your heart and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from from from from um like um this. I don't I don't I don't I don't want to go there t t t t harv Eker in his book. The like so okay millionaire mindset says life gets easy easy easy easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging I mean you know um yourself is is is is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the um um um um like like moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go go go go I mean you know so to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super I'm super I'm super super super super I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said I mean uh so last last last last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind okay um um um um well of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart smart smart smart okay so well TVs and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it it it it. This weekly be like so um a super loaded with a bunch bunch bunch bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then I mean like okay there's a a a a really epic. A meeting ameeting ameeting ameeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the the the the um I mean well team that I own in the Call of Duty League League League League the minority owner along you know well uh with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into well I mean so my mindset about business and and and and operations and marketing of kind of a startup uh um so. There's some some some some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did did did did so well okay with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy happy happy happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good so so so so well so at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make make make make this you know so you know podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using using using using anchor as my platform. Anchor is uh uh I mean the easiest way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally well uh I mean mean mean mean free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to um well well well well okay record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will will will will distribute your so well okay podcast for you so it can be heard on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more I mean so like platforms you can make make make make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys so okay like like like like. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one place, please like well um download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started so okay okay. Trust me. You will not not not not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If If If If so okay I mean you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then Then Then Then you will know well you know you know that I post regular devotionals in in in in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God well um well. And that that that that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at you know know know know well you know real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be be be be using and well like I mean speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in in in in those challenges. My heart my heart my heart my heart behind I mean like like like like um this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't can't can't can't obviously avoid but so okay okay we will our mindset that we would go go go go through it will be different. I okay I okay I okay I okay um like like like like am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's so so so so okay uh the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you you you you suspected so um I mean of mind has been on the minds to working for real real real real until right like I mean you know. Now you off social media. What's their apart? You're You're You're You're going straight into it. It's a okay well I mean whole bunch of things. But But But But I think for me the most important thing is just you know like so to like like like like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll uh uh uh uh okay you know take it back. But then but then but then but but but but then I realize it sounds like they really I need to uh um well eat eat eat eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome back to to to to the art of cooking babka last week so I mean I mean mean mean mean. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend spend spend spend the weekend uh okay so there to do a keynote talk also was a part of of of of a panel and so okay um yeah had a good time in general so so so so good to be back right now and let's you know um I mean start off off off off with a brand new podcast. This time this time this time this time I've I've I've I've invited Matt angleman and so like um he says it's not the first time time time time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the okay okay uh second I guess he he he he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you I mean okay um um um um a quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the okay okay okay okay like I mean podcast tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to to to to leave yesterday, but you know uh um there was a boot on my car because because because because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, you know you know well they're they're they're they're not operating on Sundays. So I've so I've so I've so I've been stuck in Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia. I just so so I mean got free this morning Monday morning, and and and and now I'm heading back home. So like okay you know well I said, I'm Fortunately, Fortunately, Fortunately, Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a have a have a have a good good good good time guys well uh I mean and man. I got to get my shit shit shit shit straight. Hopefully I hopefully I hopefully I hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let let let let you you know like well know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of of of of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor so um um makes it easier than ever to make a a a a podcast. It's free to use and has you know like well all the creation tools tools tools tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from uh you know like your your your your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify so you know okay Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect connect connect connect with sponsors, uh you know so even if you're just starting out. It's It's It's It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure like like okay to check it out out out out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F so okay um m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back you know know know know uh I mean to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees McKees McKees McKees Rocks well well like. They were that dude is no I didn't see see see see them. I saw him do a you know um I mean feature on on on on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so good like yeah you know know know know like well a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy crazy crazy crazy voices just doesn't I mean um I mean quit. Yeah, his like stage presence presence presence presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep like you know uh seeing his picture picture picture picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you may know like so so so so like and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like hanging hanging hanging hanging cling okay um well to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I I I I think yeah, they're at so well so their Christmas show. He was he was he was he he he he was like have like a sin a coat on you know like like and and and and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic out out out out I mean okay well of the mics and it has got the mic stand up up up up here. Just good goddamn I mean okay um on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put I put I put I put put put put out so much content that if you you know um um listen to my my my my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one you know you know know know know uh of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over over over over tick um so okay like you can listen to me once a day for 10 10 10 10 straight years and not have uh okay like to pay nothing. But guess what what what what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start listening uh you know know know know I mean to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn and uh um so told the coach to come get me. Then he then he he he he then he then he went to the pros and um you know so told the the the the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who who who who you know I mean you know didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. So when they went to the you know so well NBA they Daddy with him him him him when I went to the NFL. They took their well you know like daddy daddy daddy daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became so uh okay okay okay okay CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's He's He's He's been to so like like the station. The senior the senior the senior senior senior senior the senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on like okay you you you you know sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with with with with me today. Got a I mean well okay special episode lined up. You guys guys guys guys always appreciate you guys support and I okay so okay really mean that from the bottom bottom bottom bottom of my heart and I can't say thank you like like well enough enough enough enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wild wild wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today I I I I mean okay I mean and get access to thousands of free book and audio book book book book summaries on personal development productivity okay like like business and more listen to them them them them while working out or commuting to work and well uh well get the key key key key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to go to go to to to to go to Quick you know um um read.com app and download our app for free free free free today. Summary of summary of summary of summary of best job so I mean mean mean mean like ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read read read read narrated by Jim like you know so D Johnston introduction when people ask you you you you what you do for a living do well you know like you joyfully say say say say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of so so so so well like my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever ever ever ever uh you know so see is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, I don't even know well well well how to start. It's nice to be back back back back again. It is coming up on spring um you know I mean time and I'm excited about about about about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes so you know I mean I I I I like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like uh I I I I mean so warm every now and then and there's some big changes changes changes changes that are coming up for so okay like me. I can't I can't I can't I can't can't can't can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just you know so okay okay okay okay decided not to for quite some time. But once I do decide to share okay okay okay okay um you know promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not not not not pregnant don't even well well you know assume so, but I'm definitely making making making making a little change. I would say I mean okay well little I guess but pretty pretty pretty pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of of of of you who have okay so so been following the podcast for some time as as as as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert or well well like Bob Keegan. It has it it it it has it has it has a long history of working in the field field field field of well um um adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's Bob's Bob's Bob's work, you will be after listening to so um I mean this show. We do we we we we do we do we do a kind of Action to his work an overview uh uh uh uh well uh of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been been been been studied uh so I mean empirically for the last 40 years. And the and and and and the and the and the reason why I wanted to talk uh okay uh to to to to Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for for for for like uh I mean me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for for for for you know I mean um you. And today I want to talk about something something something something called as Legacy. Now. What do like okay you know we mean by by by by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, um uh like like like like you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean mean mean mean well uh you know people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor doctor doctor doctor because of like you know uh a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical medical medical medical profession was never an easy profession like you know okay. And I'm and I'm and and and and I'm and I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for for for for so okay well something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, know, know, know, older brother or I mean okay so brother's friend or a senior. You all had had had had somebody with a when we go home. We went we went we went we went well well well well well um to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV Todd um so uh. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode episode episode episode 9. This episode this episode this episode this episode was insane you guys guys guys guys you know uh I mean I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us us us us tonight, but we'll see like so so her back next week and I'm here with with with with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman I mean um well. Oh my goodness. A A A A lot of things are up on this episode of okay you know so Siesta Siesta Siesta Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things things things things so okay you know happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this this this this episode opened like so well up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was was was was interesting seeing is uh uh uh back in town. He's back for a little little little little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada um okay okay for another few few few few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems it seems it seems it seems you been. Having a a a a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You um like like need me me me me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have to okay uh uh uh uh okay really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's It's It's It's good uh I mean you know to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it it it it loves uh well okay and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and and and and when merits are okay like uh accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so grateful to welcome you okay like you know to another another another another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for you you you you know well so strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul soul soul soul and cultivating your spirit. My well you know like name is Caleb and this your boy boy boy boy Events will be your guides the real you. And okay and okay and okay and and and and okay you know I mean today in episode 2 Our intention is going to to to to be helping each other you know I mean I mean and you are audience develop an an an an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why well I mean uh why is is is is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit I mean mean mean mean okay well sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host host host host Simon like I mean like Whistler. This is the audio version of our video video video video show on YouTube. If you if you if you if you want I mean okay okay okay okay okay to go look it up there and see the video version of these you you you you uh um um can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do please do please do do do do please do head over to Apple you know I mean you know podcasts or or or or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would like you know know know know um be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're I I I I mean you know um watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top top top top um well um 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the the the the mafia in America organized okay um so crime has become almost synonymous with the the the the mafia. Thanks to a combination of so you know okay Pop Culture a few few few few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these although these although these although these these these these Sicilian derived Mafia May okay okay like comprise the best known organized crime groups in in in in the United States. They are they are they are they are far from okay okay like like like like the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a a a a virtuous I mean I mean uh friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the the the the virtue of the other person. Welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh uh uh uh uh you know to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho nacho nacho nacho. I'm uh like like Thomas. I'm Kylie I'm Kylie I'm Kylie I'm Kylie and this week week week week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern well so you know know know know that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week I I I I mean okay you know we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're we're we're we're talking about friendships and next week uh so um. We're talking about a surprise. But But But But before we get into all that Kylie, I like um uh believe you you you you have a joke for us, right? That's the that's the that's the that's the natural succession succession succession succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition well well well well um okay podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you you you you guys so much for um so uh tuning in in today's episode. I want I I I I want I want I want to mainly jump into the who what you know like you you you you know why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen listen listen listen to me, you know you know uh let me at least help you understand understand understand understand who I am. I've been I've been I've been I've been an RD for for for for so like you know about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places places places places. I started off at okay um um a nursing home from there. I I I I was able to go into a clinic Uncle well okay like setting working at New New New New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private um like well Practice Practice Practice Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able I mean mean mean mean like so to sit with people for longer periods of time we set realistic realistic realistic realistic goals, we uh well well had follow-ups and we were able to see each other other other other for a bit more I mean well you know than five or ten minutes minutes minutes minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to well well I mean mean mean mean squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at at at at this I mean uh I mean point because they've been here for a while and and and and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over I I I I mean I mean I mean. This is this is this is this is a a a a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with you know um um um um well my to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make make make make it so okay well but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar Oscar Oscar Oscar what you just okay uh you know introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a a a a question. What's your question? Okay. So you so you so you so you said said said said so I mean well you had to co-host and one of them couldn't make it it it it. Yes one yes one yes one yes one I mean you know so of us us us us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host co-host co-host co-host so I mean well your math isn't working here buddy one just four of us us us us. Yes could cope so I mean um he co-hosts. Are you are you are you are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and and and and I mean you know so friendship matter for women and how to make space in in in in our lives for it um okay you know. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and and and and founder of well-read mom. My passion my passion my passion my passion um um um um um um is to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us okay okay okay okay uh like to make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets booklets booklets booklets or join a group so okay like near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of okay so okay well-read Mom. Thank you you you you thank you thank you thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're We're We're We're like you know um excited to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that that that that are members and you know okay um leaders asked so we'll get started right right right right away. The first question that came from our like so I mean members this this this this year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership membership membership membership uh um you know terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd well, where'd well, well, well, well, where'd well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and and and and like so like bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we we we we grew up so um like as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences experiences experiences experiences. We still have so you know you know our own take on every situation and and and and we're here coming at you live from poojas uh um um basement. We're not not not not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door door door door uh um um. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode episode episode episode of tv and okay I mean uh chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March March March March Welcome to our third episode of PB and uh okay okay chill in in in in this episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in in in in okay I mean well college. The reason the reason the reason the reason I want want want want to do this particular episode is because I had a um um okay dream I I I I literally had a had a dream where I was doing this so I mean mean mean mean okay podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode you you you you know okay so in a series is one that I consider really foundational as as as as you know, like um like my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries kids and the people who you know I mean okay love them to to to to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges okay you know well the the the the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated complicated complicated complicated I mean okay like environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the the the the differences that came uh so like from growing up between worlds and of the push push push push and pull of the happy and the so um uh hard then I went to to to to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in I mean like I I I I mean ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I I I I hadn't quite been um uh you know able to put a finger on we're we're we're we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series okay uh uh uh uh um. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas areas areas areas retaining well well I mean the information that I teach personal growth improving your your your your relationships. And of course re attracting like uh well your eggs available now now now now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth well uh well. And in and in in in in and in and in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you you you you about am I well um well dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are are are are lots of new people that discover uh like so my channel every day day day day and every week and so the information can be um well I mean very very very very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and and and and so so like Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right right right right now. We just okay uh so filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in in in in this world Ralphie Jacobs I mean okay so from taking from taking sides from Simply Simply Simply Simply on purpose - we should ever on this so well well podcast. So that's going going going going to be on big little life right now. We have all so okay like like like like of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our our our our heart so um uh. I'm really trying to answer these well for you you you you guys down and I are just um you know you know two two two two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to I I I I mean okay so tell you what we would hope that we would do in in in in these situations. We would hope that um like uh we would do and will will will will also tell you what we have done which I mean okay I mean was probably probably probably probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned in well well well well you know like marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further further further further Ado, let's get like you know you know started by do it looks of mine mine mine mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, I mean like uh you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a um um um um I mean um brand new episode next week. But if you need something something something something to tide you over until then okay well um there's another show that I think think think think you'll really like. It's called love letters and it's I mean um um one of of of of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist uh like like like like um for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated complicated complicated complicated question about you know I mean um relationships and shares real. Is from people people people people grappling with the same question in the I mean you know um episode? You're about about about about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom okay well well trying to to to to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person you know so so so so um. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode episode episode episode of Love okay well uh Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of one of one of one of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am I I I I am I am I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc um uh like treasury research research research research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a so so so so I mean uh regular basis. Now, let now, let now, let now, let let let let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from okay so I I I I mean the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to to to to hit in terms uh uh well of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different uh uh well parts of the world. If If If If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands well uh like at at at at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved um um um um um like to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning tuning tuning tuning in um um you know and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting supporting supporting supporting that means I'm getting out um okay well there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to uh I mean okay my first first first first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball good uh like um um um um dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a a a a so I mean um lot about them, but I will definitely definitely definitely definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so okay um um let's get this this this this together and do it. All right, all right, all right, all right, if you're you're you're you're listening, thank um like uh you for tuning in. This is this is this this this this is this is the first show of the Hobbies G show well like so number number number number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm I I I I mean like okay just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean mean mean mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience experience experience experience. I am your well so um host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm I'm I'm I'm your favorite meme stir um well well. Let's be real what a joke joke joke joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk about about about about funny. It's uh like like let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's Let's Let's Let's ask him some uh so I mean stuff. See what makes them tick tick tick tick how they got to where they are. Today like well like. Today's gas is is is is going to take you back to school. So take out a okay um um um um well pen and paper take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation conversation conversation conversation okay I mean so with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is a a a a beast many of try I mean okay um to compete with her. Short story they kind kind kind kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on on on on the well um okay outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside inside inside inside. I was a self-loathing woman with okay so okay no self-worth the decisions decisions decisions decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't make because um like you know know know know of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome well well well well welcome well welcome well welcome well I mean I mean everyone. My name is Kapil guy guy guy guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective like well like podcast where we we we we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating our listeners to to to to okay uh um new insight new ways of thinking and of course New New New New Perspectives. So today uh um like I have a very special guest with me. Her name her name her name her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and and and and should um I mean like not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax tax tax tax advice all opinions expressed by like so uh podcast participants are solely their own own own own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of like okay uh RCM Alternatives their their their their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this podcast you know like like like like you know or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential potential potential potential. Pets and okay okay uh listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative alternative alternative alternative Investments are complex and I mean like like carry a risk of of of of substantial losses as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome well well well well I mean I mean to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive dive dive dive into what makes alternative Investments like you know I mean. Go analyze the strategies of unique unique unique unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting uh you know you know guests from from from from across the investment World. Alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts well well well well well I mean of the pulse podcast today. We have we have we have we we we we have jaxxed odered. Most recently most recently most recently most recently the past Chief Operating Operating Operating Operating Officer so you know uh of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Operating Operating Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose like um you know is to capture the pulse pulse pulse pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the Healthcare you know like like like like I mean Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques Jacques Jacques Jacques is a senior operating well so uh leader with over two decades of experience applying applying applying applying technology data science people and design thinking uh well well seeking to improve the Healthcare Healthcare Healthcare Healthcare System. You have you have you have you have had an impressive career transfer me me me me um I mean you know healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of your your your your career path today? And um well I mean what were the key career Transitions Transitions Transitions Transitions and decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast uh uh uh uh um like is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is is is is a um uh okay safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth growth growth growth and encourage well you know you know Rita join me in rediscovered life complexities complexities complexities complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to um well well love gold and freedom freedom freedom freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about uh you know know know know I mean all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love love love love and um um um the love we have for friends and the love we have have have have for a uh you know okay significant other and all the things that could mean love for for for for anyone. So let's not I mean you know uh forget anything from dogs parents families families families families friends, whatever. We want love to be I mean okay um and you would also also also also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to well um um um um you know a physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is is is is the word okay uh so tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is is is is an adjective meaning equivalent as okay well um in value Force effect or signification signification signification signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was so I mean so tantamount to a a a a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM ERM ERM ERM um uh like translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to to to to be confused with the um well okay similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That That That That means that means that means that means Chief and importance are impact supreme you know know know know uh so or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both both both both tantamount and well uh I mean Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add add add add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first first first first official episode so uh okay of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're we're we're we're going to have some chat okay I mean like members on we're going going going going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going you know you know know know know I mean down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era Era Era Era podcast, I got I mean like okay a couple co-host with me guys. If you you you you could go ahead and just mention so well so yourselves real quick for the viewers. That That That That would be lit. It's going on. It's a uh well I mean Garret Garret Garret Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early early early early stoppage MMA AKA uh okay you know Jack AKA early want you to go go go go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you thank you thank you thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter but chapter but chapter but chapter we on. So what was was was was the first task you remember because of the I mean you know okay heart of it it it it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to get uh I I I I mean okay a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This This This This is I mean well um one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of of of of the wands. When Harry woke up well okay um on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I I I I uh um um made a post the other day about the you know, know, know, know, I even so like um made a podcast it was probably one or or or or two podcast back now from I mean you know you know here maybe but but but but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you like like so so so so know, I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I I I I okay like so made this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of of of of Philly uh I mean well at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you can can can can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and you know uh well one individual individual individual individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I um uh uh uh uh uh apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a a a a DM um so uh and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I I I I think this argument is pointless so you know uh. I don't get it it it it. You should strive to do both like and he just well okay you know know know know didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show me me me me so so so a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit hit hit hit him with an um uh so audio message and explain my position and you know know know know next thing, you know, we're I mean I mean um back and forth with a a a a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th december 7th december 7th december 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once once once once again for service today. You're um so I mean going to find him him him him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and well okay I mean we'll we'll we'll we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating creating creating creating your own podcast um you know like piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for um like you know creating your own own own own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast right well well well well so you know from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to to to to most major podcast uh like like platforms. And finally, and finally, and finally, and and and and finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if podcast you know know know know okay okay or something you're looking to get into download the free free free free anchor app or go to I mean so you know Anchor dot f m It It It It started. Hey, welcome back. So been a couple days since so I mean uh uh uh uh I did my last podcast as well as my last, you know update on on on on this um okay um kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding surrounding surrounding surrounding that that's you know, this this this I mean I mean so podcast podcast podcast podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it it it it has been uh I mean um that way since you know, January 21st, when I kind kind kind kind of first started talking about you know um uh it and so and for good good good good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms balms balms balms I mean like um beard care and much much more all of their products are are are are natural wholesome and prayerfully well so okay designed and crafted to inspire inspire inspire inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and you know like you know know know know to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your your your your entire so uh okay order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please and please please please please and please and please check out the link in the well so um um um um show notes. Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is all Also sponsored sponsored sponsored sponsored by pray more novenas this okay um well Lent we can't recommend enough the pray pray pray pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat so um so will help you meditate on the the the the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is everything is everything is everything is online and at at at at okay you know um your own pace and you can find the time to to to to listen to the five inspiring uh like I mean speakers and 19. Total talks talks talks talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if hello, if hello, if hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the the the the easiest way to you know uh uh make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's it's it's it's free second of all, there like uh I mean is a creation tool that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean uh um right from from from from your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so so so so well okay. So it can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many you you you you know like um others. Fourth you can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's literally everything okay okay well you need in one place. Thank you you you you. I've always been sure capitalists get their so you know well money for any small small small small business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is I mean well like like like like to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small small small small companies you know I mean so and if you watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you you you you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the I I I I mean you know I mean vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and and and and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast uh so uh and there's a good good good good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound quality uh I mean mean mean mean well sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that so so so so um okay is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I I I I have packed my I mean like you know whole life up not thinking that I needed needed needed needed me. Fines and I'm in the like um like middle of a hotel because because because because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, uh uh you you you you know it's all decided to come at once. But the but the but the but but but but the reason I actually chose to do okay okay like this podcast and and and and do this by myself is because it's something that I uh well okay want to to to to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for um like you know once once once once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council uh uh uh uh well okay for more information about the British Council or the language language language language assistance program, please visit British um um well Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola Finola Finola Finola and welcome to the language well okay like assistance podcast this episode. We'll explore explore explore explore gender equality and balance in regards to our like you know uh program and and and and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all okay okay okay okay okay you know British Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from from from from different departments. We like um okay are all linked to the language assistance program program program program through previously taking part as an assistant like like uh or currently working on on on on the team. So to so to so to so to start with can you all all all all introduce you know I mean so yourselves where your base and what team you you you you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey uh hey uh hey uh hey uh uh uh uh so I mean there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like uh I mean mean mean mean I mean you on patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report report report report that my podcast is I mean I mean um now hosted on anchor which by the the the the way is like the easiest way to you know uh okay make podcasts. Let me explain explain explain explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool like you know you you you you know that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone okay um well or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it so it so it so it can well well like be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're you know well I mean ready ready ready ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's um it's um um um um it's um it's um um like everything you need to make a podcast in in in in one place. Honestly. I wish I wish I wish I wish I joined sooner sooner sooner sooner download well well well the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez Lopez Lopez Lopez you know uh uh for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the the the the midweek memo so uh uh for March for 2020. I'm dropping I'm dropping dropping dropping dropping I'm dropping I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check y'all check y'all check y'all y'all y'all y'all check it out. I um I um I um I um well uh fucked up up up up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at um like so night night night night last night and this morning. Well, I well, I well, I well, I got got got got a shift change so I don't you know well so have enough time to do do do do it in the morning. Like I used to well um um kind of ran out out out out of time. So now so now so now so now I'm doing it on on on on my like I mean well motherfucking lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome along to the property Academy Academy Academy Academy podcast. I'm your host every night so I mean uh and I'm answering the phone today today today today on the show. We're going to be so well um talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance maintenance maintenance maintenance. Now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're probably thinking what the hell is like like like like so I mean deferred Capital maintenance and what it is is it is is is is the situation where if you uh like so buy an existing property you buy buy buy buy it today and then in 10 years it well so like requires a new new new new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires requires requires requires significant I mean I mean so expense or rewiring the house and we know that that that that this happens it's not something we uh like uh necessarily budget for in our day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple okay you know know know know I mean of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this this this this is you know you know um actually a concept that has been brought brought brought brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends and welcome to another episode of of of of the John cast we like I mean you know are back it is nearly nearly nearly nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas um uh I mean that that that that is not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact uh uh uh uh well uh that I have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff stuff stuff stuff right now sweet um okay okay bear and I we are in South Carolina and we we we we have some friends coming down um well um here to meet. Eat us in in in in a few days. It's one of our good okay so I mean friends. It's her her her her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of well I mean like like like like Thursday and some of Friday off. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And um and um and um and and and and um so like so today was like my big day to kind of get ahead on on on on everything so I mean well um that I can unplug a little bit and and and and be fully present with sweet bear uh you know um and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited excited excited excited to um I mean well finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the the the the making for okay so so years. I have truly wanted to do this this this this. God has god has god has god has put it down in I mean mean mean mean so okay my spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow allow allow allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book you you you you know like uh series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life life life life in four key areas you know okay okay retaining the information that I I I I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course you know so um um um um re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach coach coach coach Craig Kenneth. I'm you know you know I mean coach Margaret. And today we're we're we're we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some so some so some so some some some some so um uh of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some Some Some Some of some of some of some of you don't some of I mean mean mean mean okay well you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some some some some of you don't you know like um but today we're going to look at soul soul soul soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going what's going what's going what's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run Run Run Run free podcast this episode number well like like 29 and this episode we're going to to to to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And so well like then we're going going going going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck um uh I I I I mean. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to to to to Springtime where I mean you know so you are just moments before coming into my my my my garage to record this for okay so okay y'all. I was out in in in in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels okay like uh so good good good good and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm so you know know know know so going to talk about today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but but but but it's well like um crazy how son feels the best right after the winter winter winter winter time. Right? Like right like right like right like right when you've like um um um um okay endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing doing doing doing like you know you know those runs. They're just they're just they're just they're just miserable miserable miserable miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you do you do you do you love horror? Do you love torturing torturing torturing torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course you do. That's well so well why you're you're you're you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own horror podcast, whatever I mean um uh kind kind kind kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's a new all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one all-in-one so um um platform for you. It's called it's called it's called it's called anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a um you know like podcast and it's totally totally totally totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need uh you know well to record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better better better better Anchor um so so will Distribute that podcast for you that way way way way it gets on Apple or Spotify like you know you know or everywhere else. You You You You can you can you can you can find podcasts. It's everything you need to to to to um you know uh make a podcast all in one place. So what are you you you you waiting for download um like you know the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for I I I I mean I mean you know the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you you you you to sit down and buckle up you know you know well because we're flipping tables and and and and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to you know um um um um you know the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today Today Today Today. We're going well um um to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how how how how the other Dem candidates are falling well well uh in line because they're they're they're they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that we talk about I mean you you you you know well the significance of the Boogaloo. And for and for and for and for for for for the third segment, we're going so uh you know to end talking about super Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost okay um I I I I mean to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to to to to so um like hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message please message message message message please message please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are um um um um like like you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far far far far. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's okay so like been a good good good good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going well I mean like to to to to schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come like like like like you know like out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So So So So yeah, if you well okay like were listening before then you'll remember that that that that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while well like okay I still am when when when when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So I mean like like like like so this one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be be be be on an airplane you know you know well or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and well you you you you know uh environment trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one just one just one one one one just one request someone treat and so uh so you know on Essentials biodiversity. Those Those Those Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really um like well well well well know about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with well I I I I mean so me and get your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for for for for well um uh Annie graph. When we hear the word science, we often think about about about about equations and a okay well uh technical approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed aimed aimed aimed to go beyond number by looking at um um like the science of Forestry Forestry Forestry Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and like okay um communities we aim aim aim aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one well well well well like um place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came came came came from heaven and uh okay um filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw saw saw saw what seemed to be tongues um so well of fire that separated and came came came came to rest on each of them. All of all of all of all all all all of so so uh them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To To To To speak in other tongues as well like um the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying staying staying staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise surprise surprise surprise you know you know like when I found out that they did not have have have have Legend anymore. Yeah, like so um so I always thought that was like a staple staple staple staple at the drive-through like oh, well um so I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We We We We pull up beside you. I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking ready ready ready ready for um like uh it. Dude. I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in in in in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order well uh I mean mean mean mean I was like, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous so so so so uh I mean bowls amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said said said said wedges. Is along I mean uh well with that shit and guess what? what what what I didn't get wedgies because what was um so I mean it Ben it it it it was french fries. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama so like uh reason reason reason reason people and I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting okay okay okay okay you know so. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is based on the you know like um devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available available available available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth um so um Ministries websites. It is our our our our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your uh so like personal relationship relationship relationship relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily well like okay devotion devotion devotion devotion matters. March 7th march 7th march 7th march 7th entitled the blessing of submission today today today today will be reading from uh okay uh number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Then Then Then Moses sent to Cora here. Now you sons like uh uh of Levi it it it it is a small thing to you that the god of Israel uh well well well well you know has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near near near near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you you you you know the average Americans behind on like you know I mean their retirement savings savings savings savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest you know well uh uh uh uh enough to become financially independent. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to show show show show you through my own experience well you know okay exactly how you can get get get get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement okay well uh on or before before before before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I so so so so okay um have been married for nine years had three boys and earn earn earn earn four degrees um you know like combined with no student loan debt and and and and have taken our household income from zero to over uh like like a a a a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to to to to okay well well fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that that that that you can use okay I mean you know to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas ideas ideas ideas so uh okay come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at at at at cnx. The creative agency accounting you know so uh Nest. Our aim is to talk talk talk talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education like well uh and and and and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to well uh uh uh uh so those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations conversations conversations conversations can shed so you know you know some light on that as work becomes more more more more D industrialized and more service-based more and more like uh you know of us are are are are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our okay I mean okay okay okay okay hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and I I I I mean well okay still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us us us us can learn how to well uh like tap into our own creative sides the the the the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from I mean well so watching watching watching watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can I can I can I can be your new welcome everybody to another another another another episode of The Feeding like okay like Frenzy. You are of course listening in in in in with the big man the force I mean uh you know and I'm so so so so glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I you know know know know you know okay feel like the flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? way way way I feel you know I mean okay like I've caught the white whale and I I I I finally got every in the in the well um I mean podcast with us. So So So So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? so so so How many many many many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more more voices in uh like so the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and and and and holding fast to the Traditions passed so okay well down to us. Amidst this apostasy apostasy apostasy apostasy. We're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are are are are well okay um a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is is is is to start a podcast well okay I mean anchor dot f m is a a a a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard like uh well about anchor it's the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain um well you know it's free free free free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow you to to to to record and edit your podcast right okay I mean you know from your phone or or or or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can I mean so I I I I mean be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money you you you you know okay so from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a uh okay uh podcast podcast podcast podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app well well well well you know you know or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast podcast podcast podcast episode number ten. Just want just want just want just want to okay I I I I mean like take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and and and and I'm okay so so having a good time doing these because my goal is to to to to put the truth out there well so okay to debunk some myths to give some some some some guidance to first timers or those who so um so were in The Game of of of of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how so so I mean to to to to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today well I I I I mean you know is going to be a little bit more detailed not not not not scientific, but just laying some truth okay so okay out there for you to give give give give it some thought as you enter I mean I mean okay a diet or if if if if you are in the middle of a diet or like like I mean mean mean mean even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the the the the well uh uh easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let let let let me explain number one. It's free. It's free well you know um um um um. It's free. I could stop there. But let's but let's but let's but let's let's let's let's go on there's creation tools that you know I mean I mean allow you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor well well well well I mean like will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast like like well and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast podcast podcast podcast is on. I've never you know well like heard of thanks. Anchor you can make make make make money from your podcast with no okay well uh minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I um okay like like like like get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm well, I'm I'm I'm I'm well, I'm well, I'm uh I mean okay telling you start that podcast with anchor anchor anchor anchor download the free anchor app or go to uh uh you know Anchor dot. F F F F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homicide homicide homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The well okay so True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue Intrigue Intrigue Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining us well uh okay okay okay okay. We can't we can't we can't we can't wait to share the the the the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome back listeners so like okay okay okay okay. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, well, well, well, okay uh uh there's many things but one of the one of them that that that that bothers me that well so you know the kids do would be standing or walking walking walking walking on the couch. There's six of us in so so well this household and this couch couch couch couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch you know I I I I mean okay not walk on it not run on it now jump on it it it it and dance uh you know um on it. Do not do WWF moves on it it it it. It's for it's for it's for it's for sitting that's it so okay okay. So when when when when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to okay um um um um I mean but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, couch, couch, couch, uh like okay but when you catch them, I have a tendency tendency tendency tendency to overdo it. I'll well I'll well I'll well I'll well uh like tell tell tell tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes you you you you know um I mean. I was by your boy Mac. Now you doing doing doing doing everybody? Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we are near I mean um you know know know know appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You so so so so so like understand we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out out out out so you know uh here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the the the the deception. You uh you uh you uh you uh like uh already know. No, we have have have have a few subject we go get into today and okay okay okay talk about about about about it discussion. You know, you know, you know, you know, first we go talk about about about about the so-called coronavirus one um I mean okay that they got right now with a pandemic pandemic pandemic pandemic on the whole wide world. Just like you know well not too long long long long ago. I see I see I see I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development development development development like I mean okay Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called called called called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated uh uh um to empowering women through legal education education education education. Thank you for joining me for the first um so uh ever episode of sisters sisters sisters sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's well you know know know know okay a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and and and and Alton see I mean uh well company based in sandton. She's a she's a she's she's she's she's a she's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and you know know know know like okay through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to to to to so well you know any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social social social social entrepreneur co-founder of the so you know um probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your I I I I mean um well hosts. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you you you you so like you know about The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So So So So throw back a shot okay um so of espresso and let's Dive In. Dorothy James James James James Scott and her son Sean lived in well um well California at Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980 like um you you you you know. Dorothy is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not you you you you know okay okay in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that I I I I mean so um we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are are are are three words that so you know you know you would use to describe yourself yourself yourself yourself three and I have to just narrow so I mean um it down to three strategic strategic strategic strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell uh well so us a dad dad dad dad joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't uh I mean well see what happens happens happens happens if I responded that way but here's my try. So why uh so like like like like did the dad know that? His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her Her Her Her uh her uh her uh her uh so well first word was was was was Data I tried. And what is one random thing that you wish you know I I I I mean like more people knew that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give give give give uh uh uh you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen listen listen listen to all of like okay well your favorite artists and podcasts in one place place place place. That's for free Hallelujah like uh so. No premium no premium no premium premium premium premium no premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic topic topic topic including the you know uh okay one you're listening to right now and and and and you can follow those podcast. So you so you so you so you never miss miss miss miss you know um I mean an episode you can share what you're listening to to to to with friends on Instagram. And so I mean so if you are a premium user you can can can can download episodes to listen to offline uh you know well no matter where you are. So if if if if you haven't done so already be sure to download okay like I mean the the the the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library library library library okay uh uh Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking speaking speaking speaking of which let's uh okay so see what we've got on The Ledger today today today today. This is optimal relationships daily okay well okay episode 646 guilt and shame good good good good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a it's a it's a it's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of of of of them out like you know so there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Sierra Sierra Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the uh so so shit right there there there there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid swords from the jizya well you know know know know like. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats Eats Eats Eats the podcast I am your host old head so okay you know. Once again. Thank Thank Thank Thank you thank you thank you thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to on the spot the podcast where no no no no question is off the table um um okay each week. We invite a guest guest guest guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the uh well okay questions that that that that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety well like like like like I mean and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in in in in the hot seat uh so you know. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm I'm I'm I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of the you know okay like west of of of of England. My name my name my name my name is Simon white. I'm studying media media media media and journalism at like so like you as well. And I'm in the second second second second year. What is the impact of the so well you know withdrawal from from from from the EU on the student population? Well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, I understand from what so uh uh I understand from for universities directly. The numbers numbers numbers numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't well so I mean necessarily been adversely impacted impacted impacted impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching I'm reaching I'm reaching I'm I'm I'm I'm reaching out and from the I mean um I mean very firm firm firm firm the very beginning. I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven Joven Joven Joven um like like. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast podcast podcast podcast is all well so like about Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to to to to the podcast. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really looking forward okay well like like like like to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were were were were we were we were we were talking about relationships so okay I mean and and and and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what what what what we're um you know you know going through in terms of our experience with living living living living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of comes of comes of comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off off off off um uh well with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we we we we move on to okay like I mean some of the events that are are are are happening, I think maybe we should talk about so so uh mu n that happened happened happened happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know I know I know know know know I know you were well you know you know I thought you want to tell us us us us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so um you know um there was a a a a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, you days, you you you you days, you days, you know well well Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, 29th, 29th, 29th, and it was very successful and un conference three well uh uh and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Latino Latino Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our country like okay I mean mean mean mean Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at such such such such a prestigious uh uh you know conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was was was was really good. Have you have you have you have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of well well well well so I mean Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of of of of South Carolina in Charleston. I uh okay okay also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal Journal Journal Journal of the American College you know well um of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking talking talking talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled well well well oseltamivir for all all all all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr I mean so uh uh uh uh. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed contributed contributed contributed I mean um you know several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that that that that I well like like have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and and and and how you doing? I'm I mean well you know good how happy happy March March March March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, um you know uh you you you you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because you know know know know well okay I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you you you you ask me I mean so well to remember? We're about we're about we're we're we're we're about we're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid you you you you know like um whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his his his his dad like um um was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never never never never thought of that once that's interesting uh I mean like and it's whenever I'm in in in in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought like well uh wow could've fooled fooled fooled fooled me. Well, I well, I well, I well, I apparently they celebrate it on on on on the 28th or I mean I mean so today. That's so sad. That's not their their their their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I you know uh okay know. Do you do you you you you do you do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you you you you so well so were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little little little little bit well well like. I know I know I know I know you did too too too too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's this Mike's this Mike's this Mike's doing here. Yeah, I I I I guess like I mean um we'll guess we can use it like well as well well well well we got a podcaster. Anyways, okay well okay yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the the the the name of this podcast again? Just well so uh the tea podcast just just just just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's uh okay so two guys guys guys guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, okay okay like like like like I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much I I I I mean um okay. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I mean, it's I mean um okay a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's it's it's it's pretty good. What about you for coffee or um okay like tea or coffee coffee coffee coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you know know know know okay I mean you made this podcast if it's just called just the tea, why don't don't don't don't we just I mean well like named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I I I I do call coffee. I was like why okay okay like not we can call it just just just just the tea guys, but then we're just two I mean so um um um um guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today um um well well well well. I wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans Romans Romans Romans well I mean I mean is jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like like like like amazing Epic. Ders that I mean you know okay people quote all the the the the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different well I mean um um um um and Romans 1 we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing uh okay um um um um with the question of is the law of God really written on the human human human human heart uh um so no matter where they're at. No matter where they've grown grown grown grown up or what they've heard all um uh well their lives and it's it's it's it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that uh like uh we can act act act act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle battle battle battle uh I mean uh Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming Fleming Fleming Fleming join alongside. My co-host um um um I'm breath stock was there and I am also also also also here we are three and one uh you know uh after a decisive victory victory victory victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking you know know know know I mean okay like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree agree agree agree. We all know like well you know about that line and how it moved moved moved moved over the past past few days okay uh you know before the game started started started started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of um uh okay taking taking taking taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I um well like like like like shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope. That's That's That's That's um um okay not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I I I I cannot express to you okay I mean um how stinking excited I am to to to to share the next few episodes with you well uh you know. I'm sitting down down down down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health well I mean well. This is is is is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we um well I I I I mean talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial crucial crucial crucial. We I mean um like felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the the the the issues surrounding mental health the like I mean I mean culture culture culture culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something so something so something so something happened with the podcast. Once Once Once Once we finished recording an entire okay okay uh session. It was computer sucks sucks sucks sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened well like I mean and we we we we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put okay you you you you know like it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's there's there's there's these little better well uh like at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we we we we don't know if this is recording actually like uh I mean has any any any any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you like like like like so so still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families families families families to feed. Let's you know uh so roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled scheduled scheduled scheduled programming you in a world where two you know so you know boys talk about about about about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your your your your chance you know um like of getting in there. Most of you are great great great great and amazing you just like like um lack the tools and the tactics tactics tactics tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be uh you know you you you you know hired. I am I am I am I am one of the few few few few people in this world who got hired um okay so twice by McKinsey. So I I I I Ali know how to present myself Come join this um I mean I mean podcast. I'm going going going going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of so so so McKinsey McKinsey McKinsey McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my my my my I mean like so learnings go in here and once you've listened enough join join join join our Facebook group where so you know uh actually a very cool bunch of people people people people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are they are they are they are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act act act act together so like well before the work week. It includes the kids because we really really really really enjoy our time like well um off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family family family family and we just got a lotta things that like uh so we tend to do on on on on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against towards the so uh uh uh uh so evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be be be be done so like uh for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start start start start packing lunches. Etc it's you know well uh it's just a reminder that we gotta gotta gotta gotta get back to work and school tomorrow um um so morning. I like like like like I like I like I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a a a a i you okay okay so guys. I know I know I know I know that that that that school is your favorite. You guys you guys you guys you guys can't even wait wait wait wait to go back um like well and like know I hate school. I don't think think think think they really do like I think they you know so uh like to see their their their their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are are are are going to learn about the so you know well definite article in this video. Now Now Now Now. If you guys did not watch my other I mean well um video about the indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as um like um well well well well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages well well well well um like like Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles articles articles articles I mean uh okay at all. So sometimes so sometimes so sometimes so sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are like so so languages like like like like German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles okay uh uh but kinds kinds kinds kinds and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor. It's literally the okay okay like easiest way to make a podcast. We use use use use it for casual poor and we absolutely you know okay uh love love love it it it it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so I I I I mean I mean so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to to to to you can only you know well well record and edit your podcast or you you you you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but um um well they'll also also also also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple you know okay okay pie pie pie pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they I mean mean mean mean you know you know will be short and on top of that you can even even even even make money off uh uh um of this app. So it's free and you you you you can make money. Yes, it's free and you you know okay okay can make money money money money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your uh um you you you you know podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just Just Just Just you just you just you just you know um uh go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome uh welcome welcome welcome welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh well so to the summer house after show we're looking at at at at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice okay okay so. I am your girl Trina Kong and and and and wow. Wow. Wow, do wow, do wow, do wow, do we have a so okay okay okay okay um lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to to to to talk um I mean like about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk talk talk talk about all the relationships and I've got so okay okay some fun engagement news. You You You You guys you guys you guys you guys you'll have to wait to the end end end end for that um um well and a fun little segment about who's crazier crazier crazier crazier then who and then we'll end it well well well off with with with with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe the you know like like like like um rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show show show show every week. We um we um we um we um um uh are are are are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft draft draft draft class and uh you know I mean what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will will will will be joined every week but Ali my um uh okay co-host and we will go go go go through talk about what matters at each position well um well where the Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential like okay okay options options options options might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also uh I mean mean mean mean uh what's important that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times I I I I mean you know like 20 draft class has to offer we will be going going going going Each position group one by uh uh you know one in the Box. The The The The draft has that it looks to be a major part you know okay well of of of of how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I well well well well I well I well I well um okay hope you enjoy this podcast love you're you're you're you're listening to and give us a try well I mean okay. We're quite quite quite quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode I mean um okay includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people people people people may find well okay um offensive. We advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in like you know know know know so 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is that is is is is that is that is at 3 uh okay I mean a.m. On October 27th 27th 27th 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by um I mean mean mean mean like a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching watching watching watching I mean so um we should close the blinds too late. He's coming coming coming coming up the lawn. Please have you seen so so I mean my daughter Betty Gale Gale Gale Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize uh uh uh you the the the the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following the Following the Following the Following episode contains adult themes such as torture torture torture torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness you know you know like listener discretion is is is is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have so well well well well you know been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had had had had warned him, you know well okay but it was too late the Sandman was was was was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled so uh I mean the covers covers covers covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would well so you you you you know leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still I I I I mean well so and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears ears ears ears as the door slowly you know I mean you know opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give give give give our yeah, like uh I mean I know did you know that when milk is is is is start again when milk has well well well come out of the cow. They died died died died a white because there's pus and blood in uh like like it and your your your your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do well um like that that that that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk well so so so so uh. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a a a a thing um um uh. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk milk milk milk coconut water discussed. How can you know okay so I was absolutely vile? And I and and and and I and I and I don't know why people eat it. So drink I mean mean mean mean okay well is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do Do Do Do you well okay so know what the problem is what you I don't think think think think I'm a problem. I so I so I so I so so well think you're the the the the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey people you want your own own own own podcast maker has an easy way to get um so well you going. All you you you you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F okay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay fokay well like m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free free free free just download the okay like well free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way you know so I mean to to to to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever okay okay you you you you know you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make make make make it by um uh I mean whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, yours, yours, yours, and it's totally free. Once um once um once um once um well well well well like again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot dot dot dot f m-- I mean I mean um in you on your way. Good morning morning morning morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing so nothing so nothing so nothing so like like like like so from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We like we like we we we we like we like uh um will discuss Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win win win win at Georgia puts the Gators well well like to 19 and 11 ahead of of of of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky like you know so. Carrie Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear Blackshear. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could um um um um you know well be the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going going going going to graduate I mean like well with honors High honors, I think in In In In In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him uh like okay or take take take take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy so I I I I mean like it. You know, this is the fun time of the year in in in in our sport I mean like so. This is March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the the the the basketball. Our this week you know um um is brought to you by anchor that's that's that's that's the platform. We use to bring you uh um well this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional Devotional Devotional Devotional podcast. This podcast series is uh um so based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume Volume Volume Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing uh okay like House and youth youth youth youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries um well okay to see see see see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with um um well well well well him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd march 2nd march 2nd march 2nd entitled entitled entitled entitled debtors to all today will be uh okay I mean reading from Psalm chapter chapter chapter chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O well well um Lord Lord Lord Lord for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my like like like like I mean okay soul and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories stories stories stories that you know so um matter to you and the other five members members members members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always for so so I mean tuning in with with with with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the so well like like like like show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the team and and and and uh uh I mean I to bring you the story. Is affecting is is is is affecting is affecting is affecting young people and your rescue so okay I mean mean mean mean Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina so so so so um well Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the the the the racist tweets like like um from 2010 that have caused trouble for the the the the leader of the USA chapter of so I mean uh the Ku Klux Klan. We're also also also also we're also we're also we're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 I I I I mean you know okay who goes deep to bring you stories like is God real? real real real Well, it turns out for uh uh uh the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm I'm I'm I'm doing great I mean like I mean. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time so so um. It's been it's been it's it's it's it's been it's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up up up up so uh like to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and and and and I my wife decided probably like um so when I had a year year year year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we would uh um well move move move move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting getting getting getting a well well um little better at life. I am I am I I I I am I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm like well well well well so going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more more more more to come like I mean uh on that in a moment. But first let's settle settle settle settle in with the sound of the Bells. Finding well like you know your life's meaning meaning meaning meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting and uh I mean well or just just just just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to have uh um um um um well a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast podcast podcast podcast uh uh okay. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my my my my co-host Jordan like so well. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner Turner Turner Turner. Hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's it going I mean um I mean guys? This This This This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait so so well a a a a second. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All you know like like like like uh right Brady got his I knew as soon as I said it someone someone someone someone I mean you know I mean would bring it up but his regards kind kind kind kind of bullshit, but I'll let it you know uh uh slide. All right with my my my my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan you know so I mean Reese Reese Reese Reese here Reese, please. This is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast podcast podcast podcast okay so I mean were basically we talked about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably probably probably probably getting probably you know I mean um going to be fairly intoxicated while we're we're we're we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So okay so okay so so so so okay so okay like okay to begin with we will ask our good old old old old friend Siri to pick a so like okay number between one and five. She's She's She's She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on on on on the art of business where we um like uh talk about marketing business strengths and and and and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from um so um day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope hope hope hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art well like I I I I mean of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you you you you so you know uh doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me me me me. Looking forward to this so like uh right now. Thank you for joining us really? So So So So I so I so I so I let me give our well I mean mean mean mean uh listeners are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was was was was browsing LinkedIn okay I mean I mean the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey Mikey we went to college back in like okay okay 2012. Soccer together so we known known known known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm I'm I'm I'm Chris so okay uh rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode episode episode episode 16. But so but so but so but so you know uh first we we we we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They um you know know know know you know made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same same same same for you like so uh. So if you want to check them them them them out, make sure to head over to sticker like well uh fide.com. Also, no no no no love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat uh um well well well well t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll you'll you'll you'll receive 10% off um so okay your order. That is no love city.com. And And And And then also SD prints there are screen printing so so you know company that that that that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, whatever you okay so so so so like got they can make a product for you. You can check them out at at at at SD so uh um screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on on on on this show operate okay so I mean in secret the details included in in in in this episode are based on extensive research, like like okay but ultimately can can can can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of well well well well I mean um truth. There's a there's a there's a there's a swath of misinformation strategically strategically strategically strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals uh okay so and practices practices practices practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered um like like like like I mean in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as so so so so uh well an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on on on on the boys like you know well podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really really really really I really I really I really do want to talk a little bit so so so so so I mean about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will will will will admit. So like so like so like so like like so if you haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, well uh so so so so let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools tools tools tools that allow you to um uh I mean record and edit your podcast right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute uh uh okay your podcast for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A you know so so so so like podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast with okay okay I mean no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, you know so so let's get this rolling. Like Like Like Like a record record right now and I can just well well so cut it. Okay Okay Okay Okay. So like so like so like so like you ready, but you got it closer. It's It's It's It's just an so I mean well iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back back back back Sue's of so okay uh time. I have I have I have I have have have have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This is um um um um so you know my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live live live live. Oh, yeah, if uh you know so you hear a screeching noise, she has a a a a really old bird. He's gay. Oh you know so um my phone also Levi Levi Levi Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster uh uh um um um um sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I I I I love I love I love I love so okay well him. He's so angry. He's He's He's He's like, he's like, he's like, he's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a a a a he's a he's a he's a little I mean uh well he's a budgie budgie budgie budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little well um like like like like arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior senior senior senior Communications you know uh I mean officer with the office of the information and and and and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And like well um this is part of our privacy privacy privacy privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British um like like Columbia's personal information information information information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than 1 I mean mean mean mean you know okay million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this this this this province. We want organizations to think you know you know um more about the sheer sheer sheer sheer volume of personal information. They collect and process everyday their okay um well legal legal legal legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can help. It's about getting like like like like okay well privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic that that that that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 8 8 8 of the one man okay so I mean ride podcast. I'm your host host host host Michael Ward. That was that was that was that was little Foo Fighters. We We We We had um well uh go in there my hero, which is the reason that brought brought brought brought it up is uh okay I mean because I was going over over over over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it well well well well I mean um is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because because because because Valentine's Day and we uh you know I mean are recording two and and and and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So he uh uh uh uh you know uh is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys guys guys guys know where to find us. You can so well uh find us on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, but just um well uh podcast or on on on on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us a 5-star okay you know know know know okay review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if you well well well well I mean okay have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say say say say it at all. Thanks um um you know. Okay. So now Casey what's our our our our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all show last last last last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay well okay um emerged to lead the the the the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her I mean like so reading reading reading reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was well well well well well um handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on on on on well uh uh its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's it's it's it's completely unreasonable for like well I mean the show to have its cake and eat eat eat eat it too with one trending post led um uh like by user and ingenious username saying saying saying saying how the producers run the show creates a well I mean well Asik environment environment environment environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was so so well well well well crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any any any any well uh you know accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show show show show the show the show the show is specifically designed and like uh you know run run run run around the notion of having a villain. You can't you can't you can't you can't can't can't can't guarantee an engagement or a you know like you know happily ever after but but but but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded okay I I I I mean okay digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like um I mean um to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app app app app or go to Anchor okay well well Todd FM to get started started started started on this. It has made it. So easy so easy so easy so so so so easy guys, I like like I mean did not know, you know publishing podcast podcast podcast podcast was so easy. If I had you know okay okay only known it like five five five five ten years before early because all I I mean uh so need to to to to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and uh okay okay okay okay you know just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will will will will publish it you know um like in all the major podcast sides. You know apps apps apps apps that are available and okay um um I do not need to do anything else else else else. So this is just too awesome guys I mean so okay. You also need to make make make make use of it. If you have a message if you know uh well you have some some some some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to uh I I I I mean uh the world or simply want to post something make sure you you you you use this. Mascara like well uh. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast. So So So So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's it's it's it's heroines I mean so um week on Choppers. Every day every day every day every day day day day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history okay um you you you you know a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for for for for their bravery and well okay you know achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way way way way. Our first heroic woman lived a so okay uh long long time ago in ancient ancient ancient ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she um okay you know discovered discovered discovered discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman ruler ruler ruler ruler like I mean you know so a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled she ruled she ruled ruled ruled ruled she ruled over ancient China with her husband okay uh um Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 in 1961 in 1961 in 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown Brown Brown Brown was found dead strangled by her own you know uh you know bra the search for for for for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting like okay like in a a a a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder well like you you you you know of Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out out out out our series uh okay okay unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the the the the facts and dig deeper into Some so I mean okay of history's most bewildering murders murders murders murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you like you know I mean listen listen listen listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener uh I mean mean mean mean like discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault assault assault assault that uh so uh some people may find offensive. We advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is it is it is it is me and Christian Christian Christian Christian here with our very good buddy I mean you know um Thomas real Stone Stone Stone Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was uh you know well well well well pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New New New New Zealand like um um podcast. And so tell us a little bit about about about about your projects and what you've been you know like you know working on and and and and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, my um okay like like like like name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the history history history history uh you know okay of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very very very very much a does what it like so uh says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore explore explore explore how the well I mean okay chakra system can help you change your mind mind mind mind to change your body to change your okay well uh life. Hi everybody. How's How's How's How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird. I so like like normally record record record record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've been traveling uh uh uh uh um okay a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it is because because because because so like okay I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever ever ever ever happen well so well to you? I think it's so funny. You know you know know know know you know you know like you think like all so I mean you know day day day day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's anyway, that's anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, that's anyway, that's just well like um what's happening in my world today today today today. We're carrying on. With our with our with our with our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to a special LA LA LA LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris um uh um with you today. We said that that that that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the you know I mean okay okay okay okay offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on first off off off off like uh uh. So we all like to get a bit of an insight insight insight insight into the franchise okay I mean well and today's guest definitely needs no no no no real introduction to those day our fans and those well okay like fans who who who who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels of um well you know know know know Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my my my my okay I mean um firm or see my portfolio head on on on on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a huge fan of I I I I mean uh I mean Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the the the the office all day long as you know um like you might know Spotify has has has has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the um I mean uh one one one one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite favorite like um uh artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your your your your favorite podcast uh uh uh. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to to to to listen to you know okay um offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to to to to with your friends on well uh so Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download download download download the Spotify app search for the acquirers uh well uh podcast on Spotify or or or or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow so you know know know know uh me. So you so you so you so you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve you you you you know well I mean firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way way way way on Tuesday night the like like well mood in the camp must be a good one one one one. Yeah to be fair. It's uh like like been good for months really pleased pleased pleased pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew so so okay it was going to to to to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down you know know know know like so loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the the the the goals were very I mean okay um very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't haven't haven't haven't yet spoken about that. They plan they plan they plan they plan to you you you you like well I mean tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? far far far Capital K capital K capital K capital K JP will okay uh I mean mean mean mean get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that you you you you know you know you know were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they they they they were asking me uh like you know how we do it how we get it it it it out there how we record I mean um um it. And you and you you you you and you and you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about about about about anchor which you know so so if we would have had when we first started out out out out this would have been way way okay like okay easier and it's much much much much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor so well well is is is is by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything I I I I mean okay okay you need. In one in one in one in one place so you don't don't don't don't have to get Pro Tools well I mean um or any fancy recording equipment or or or or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit like you know like it it it it on your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you like like like like well well all the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it it it it sound good which um like well you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest okay well well well well like way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow like uh like you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute um I mean um your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and like uh you know many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership, and I mean um so it's everything you need to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app okay well uh uh uh uh or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is is is is Donnie um like well Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no no no no Samuel Jackson the you know okay like ball, you know that his magic post post post post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How How How How are you I mean well you know doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on on on on you've got an amazing story and well um uh I love for you to share share share share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank so uh um you. I'm so so so so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue so okay like like like like and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue I mean mean mean mean uh I mean to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I mean I I I I mean I mean I've told you many times we um I mean uh have have have have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where where where where well uh so you are and what drives you and what motivates you and and and and all those sorts of I mean well you know things. I think I think I I I I think I think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with with with with a uh you know uh lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of so so so so you know so Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of Of Of Of course, we you know so I mean didn't expect to die out here. You know, I'm I'm I'm I'm beginning to wish I'd so well I mean asked for more money D20 radio radio radio radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back well so so ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going I mean uh you you you you know to have a really fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created created created created by um I mean uh our app to help companies get control of their email for for for for this episode really excited okay okay like to have one of our one one one one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank um well so you very very very very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest well I mean mean mean mean um names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in in in in construction these okay so I mean days in all sorts of different ways. So So So So So so So so So so So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent independent independent independent review so you know well into building safety regulations on fire safety in the the the the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but like so uh really looking at the the the the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep uh okay okay okay okay okay into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the deluded deluded deluded deluded podcast and I'm happy like uh uh to be doing this. I mean decent decent decent decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's well I mean well a bit irrelevant from the the the the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 uh I mean uh subscribers subscribers subscribers subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel okay okay well well well well you feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's uh uh uh uh um you know impossible. So I'd like to first and foremost say a big thank thank thank thank you to like uh um look for a line it to be possible if you you you you haven't Started checking okay uh like out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff stuff stuff stuff in on YouTube. Then you then you then you then you might uh um um um um okay as well start. Do I need to spell out to you why you need need need need to okay um okay start listening to that YouTube content come on now but away away away away from all of that as like you know I mean you look normal. I I I I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot like well okay has happened happened happened happened. You've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep keep keep keep our band for eight like I mean I mean games and get a fine. I believe believe believe believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders leaders leaders leaders I mean okay I mean podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs needs needs needs to be digital. It's simply so um okay has to put another way way way way. HR must hR must hR must hR must become more digital and analytical to to to to um well like deliver greater business value. This episode this episode this episode this episode episode episode episode is a break from our usual format. It so um okay features a panel panel panel panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work uh so so so so so conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how how how how to uh like uh develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics analytics analytics analytics at UC Berkeley having okay well well spent six years previously is global head head head head of people strategy analytics learning and I mean um uh operations of judicial RJ RJ RJ RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and well well uh is is is is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future future future future like okay well who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per se se se se well okay so taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we uh uh uh uh okay uh take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways ways ways ways that can uh I mean uh kick you down. Right but we're going to talk talk talk talk about two of those important well so uh points right now. And that's and and and and that's and that's and that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of of of of um um I mean life. It is the branch of the biology that that that that deals with the normal functions of like I mean well a living organism and its parts parts parts parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be I mean so well talking talking talking talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You You You You um um you know feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have have have have happiness sadness anger you know you know so and fear which and there are others others others others of course, but those are kind of the so so I mean main ones ones ones ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first well well well well like well sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil stencil stencil stencil plus. So like so okay I use stencil plus with my business. They made a a a a handicap logo for me amongst other uh you know um custom logos and different different different different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed well I mean uh uh uh uh guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can you can you you you you can you can have a like uh um free company logo stencil made free and and and and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff going okay you know I mean mean mean mean on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can can can can create well I mean so anything if they don't have it already. So if if if if you have something very custom you well I mean I mean want made they they they they will work with you and they listen to their customers needs uh uh uh uh uh you know of what they want what they need to work with. So So So So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number you know I I I I mean well 20 coming your way. And thanks and thanks and thanks and thanks again again again again last week to Lugosi. We had um well so a great chat and I I I I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did so so you know too too too too and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and I mean okay okay okay okay okay were small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say say say say uh um I mean to people I do this because I love the the the the band. Of talking to the bonds okay um so and having a a a a chat with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of like like like like I mean okay similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that that that that. So it's awesome. So I mean well like thanks for that. So today we have have have have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting starting like okay well your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard heard heard heard about anchor so uh you know is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation like you know so tools that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone uh uh I I I I mean or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple I mean okay well podcast and many more you can make money from from from from your podcast. No minimum no minimum no minimum no minimum listenership I mean like uh uh uh uh. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the the the the free I mean I mean um acre app or go to Anchored ifm to to to to get started. Hey, do you want to well uh so join in on the the the the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On um okay um the Chevy Chevy Chevy Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite um well I mean mean mean mean podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is is is is beyond okay you know uh where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car car car car buying process. Us how us how us how us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our um so so so so um sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor anchor is um okay okay basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload upload upload upload and create your uh I mean okay own podcast all in one convenient convenient convenient convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically okay you know uh uh uh uh once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a you you you you know well I mean playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere at once you upload like so like it to Anchor or if you want want want want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I I I I well um I mean have to say, which is pretty shocking because my my my my own boyfriend doesn't listen like you know I mean to what I ever say, say, say, say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone okay uh so is on board board board board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we we we we are okay like um going to go on together. I've done a little eye eye eye eye. Like organizing and well I mean uh like note books and stationery and stuff stuff stuff stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I uh okay uh want it to to to to pan out whether or not it pans out like that well you know so is another another another another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see well like uh uh uh uh but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving driving driving driving I mean you know okay. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford Ford Ford Ford in London, Ontario I mean okay so Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike Mike Mike Mike. It is it is it is it is Thursday, March 5th 2020 2020 2020 2020 the I mean well like Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little little little little pregame combo for you Michael um I mean so. We didn't we didn't didn't didn't didn't we didn't we didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in in in in San like uh uh Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a a a a row prior The so well you know Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it it it it does but you have to sort of reflect uh well I mean on the fact that that that that the Leafs won three games in. Road that road that road that that that that road that we're key like you know so games against teams that were at least on par par par par with them Florida a few points um so well behind them Tampa Tampa Tampa Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver who was well well well well well so battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come they come they they they they come they come up against the okay uh you know team and they play three teams teams teams teams on this west coast swing that are out uh you know I mean of it it it it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got uh well okay outplayed outplayed outplayed outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and and the okay I mean I mean topic of today's newsletter is is is is going to be what women are attracted to in Men you know like um um um um. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are what what what what are what are what are the like uh uh things that women like about us guys? guys guys guys So what kind of behavior is it that okay um I mean they like like like like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well well well well well well well well well well well I mean okay first things first that we got understand about about about about women is number one. There are there are there are there are I mean mean mean mean well like emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be be be be in a okay well so love story. They want they want they want they they they they want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or so I mean mean mean mean okay the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens happens happens happens okay you know I mean in such a way that it's obvious to both both both both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and you know know know know okay you know introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's called speaking for the uh you know well bag. And the the the the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory um okay um um um um. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of I I I I mean well like cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money money money money uh um you know off this that is not the only reason we're doing this this this this. I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing this for I mean I I I I mean uh my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans humans humans humans happy with my voice Okay, so like well we see what we see what what what what Carson over here is in so okay um it for I guess guess guess guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in um uh I mean mean mean mean this business. Honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just Just Just Just say thank you was the voice of I mean like so someone stealing bed bed bed bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or um uh uh uh uh so no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you you you you just um um you know woke up. I'm giving I'm giving I'm giving I'm giving giving giving giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and that's like you you you you know I mean it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject subject subject subject but okay you know like we don't use the position where you're going going going going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every like well okay Thursday, but most of of of of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my okay okay you you you you know head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing doing doing doing like you know uh welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the the the the so I mean okay man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Eric Eric Eric Berg. Today. We're going you know okay uh to talk about the seven benefits of taking taking taking taking a cold shower. This is really so okay like about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now now now now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd uh um you know chamber for just just just just a very small amount of time because it's a very very uh you know you you you you know cold to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is is is is um I mean um really based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, scenes, scenes, scenes, what does that that you know like uh is a situation where you're adding a a a a low dose dress or a moderate amount of you know uh like stress to create a a a a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this okay well okay okay okay okay effect. This is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been I mean um um um um like around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how look how look how look how sane and linear we are being is is is is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast um like like and is not affiliated with with with with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please you know like well remember to to to to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read along along along along you know so well with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities or disorders, we suggest you like okay I mean stick to the audio. We have have have have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in I mean uh you know the the the the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are okay okay okay okay okay okay trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the the the the construction of uh okay okay the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but but but but we're not attacking the comic you know uh um just offering suggestions. This show is not not not not safe for work. And if you're a well well like minor we ask that you you you you wait to listen until you were old enough to you know you know know know know uh be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the the the the podcast well so um. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure sure sure sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about so you know you know know know know Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't she don't she don't she don't don't don't don't know me. You don't well so so know me as your own cloud. She might might might might say this for the cloud so uh uh money days we could dance for for for for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done okay um uh for sure. He is is is is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is he is he is he is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and and and and uh I mean I mean night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your your your your mouth on one side and um okay like brush the inside the outside image image image image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines so like well week where every day day day day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight um you know know know know I mean. We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's mom's mom's mom's cool, but like um you know we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that yeah that yeah that yeah that makes sense. Fanny like like like like so okay blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was was was was danny was danny was danny was a super talented okay so so athlete and and and and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on on on on the you know okay like news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of of of of history's most so like I mean legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing standing standing standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo uh like um 11 moon moon moon moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in uh so so so so uh Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape tape tape tape recorded by three uh um uh different Studios one in California and to in Australia Australia Australia Australia when the broadcast was over and like like I mean Apollo 11 made made made made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for safekeeping I mean mean mean mean uh you know. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by by by by like you know you know anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing distributing distributing distributing your podcast. Best of like you know I mean all, it's a hundred percent free free free free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger I mean so well can match you with with with with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That I mean like so so so so means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm I'm I'm I'm doing right okay um um now by reading sad I said it before but you you you you know, we love using um like um incre you can hit record start start start start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy okay well uh to to to to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out some, some, some, some, uh uh okay you know dead are very easy to do that as as as as well. So, you well okay I mean know, if you've always wanted to start start start start a podcast and make money doing it go to you know so you know Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole whole whole whole ruin um okay um the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't we we we we don't we don't we don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, you listen to this podcast right right right right now. London is blue. And guess what we well you know uh host our our our our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking so um you you you you know to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started started started started okay okay like this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and and and and the podcast right uh well okay from a phone. It's right don't even need need need need a computer, but you can do well like um it there too. They'll also help help help help you distribute it which is probably the most okay I mean you know challenging part, part, part, part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get okay uh well it it it it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other so so you you you you know place podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a a a a okay well okay little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You You You You need to so uh like make a podcast all in one individual place. So, So, So, So, you know what head over to like so uh your app store download download download download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started uh okay well. If If If If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben so like like like like I mean of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the the the the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to experience share. Its Its Its Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth AKA I mean well uh Tanner Tanner Tanner Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your um like like actual actual actual actual name. Do you do you do you do you remember what the actual name of that? that that that Pokemon is pokemon is pokemon is pokemon is ho you know um um ho no no no no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how um um um um I mean uh many different names you called ho over the course of of of of the season because there's been well I mean so at least ho ho ho Joe Joe Joe Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at okay you know I mean one point now, I'll I'll I'll I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef chef chef chef of podcast Network. Join okay I mean I mean Rabbi Ami as he he he he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice um I mean mean mean mean well and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the the the the divine well uh I mean. I want to start by sharing a line from from from from the gemara and Magilla so so uh that's very close to my heart. It's It's It's It's based on a mission of that says that okay I mean you know if if if if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were you know um um um um okay kind of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease um um um um I mean um of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to uh I I I I mean um talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest way to I mean uh uh make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to well I mean well record and edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your so I mean mean mean mean I mean podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie apple pie pie pie pie apple pie apple pie case and you know so like many more you can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so you know I mean mean mean mean and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download so you you you you know I mean the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to get started. First act first act first act first act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take uh uh uh uh okay okay care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has has has has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk you know well I mean rumors some Loki rumors rumors rumors rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to do well you know um some some some some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor rumor rumor rumor all that and you know you know well more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion okay uh uh news news news news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon to you okay like okay. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie movie movie movie news. We are we are we are we are coming to you like okay um um um um. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever clever clever clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make it'll make it'll make it'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all well well well well so so about spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like like like like the shift from 3D uh like like divide D Consciousness the nature of time time time time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds okay like like the akashic records all all all all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with I mean so you you you you know me today. I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate you so very very very very much. All right, let's get into um okay I mean it. Hey beautiful being being being being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so like okay okay okay okay like much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you you you you before like like like we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead go ahead go ahead go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is brought to you by what my reading reading reading reading the UK's most influential wedding brand um like you know. Hello and welcome to the the the the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's me back like um like is is is is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself about yourself yourself yourself yourself like uh um in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, we are spoiling so you know like you lately because we've got another guest haven't haven't haven't haven't we we had a break up you know like I mean our waffle and today's today's today's today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan a so like like wedding when when when when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off okay okay okay okay you know I mean planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some some some some elements of planning so like uh a wedding when you're pregnant as as as as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are like like like like okay okay recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets secrets secrets secrets of events that we you know uh like will share on this podcast podcast podcast podcast intro song says that that that you're good well you know um. It's the it's it's it's it's the it's the it's the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the it's the it's it's it's it's the it's the intro song intro song We're not well so so in our basement basement basement basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome like like like like so uh. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a a a a part of well um so your week. It's so it's so it's so it's it's it's it's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful um um uh Brooke less so but but but but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We like uh like like like like are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different so so so so okay okay Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little different right right right right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man man man man so well well Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin Begin Begin Begin this Thursday, March 5th well you know okay or reminder to everybody. We will be be be be having another podcast on Friday, March I mean you know I mean 6th. And as as as as and as and as and as we go through the spring, there's going to be a a a a break um like uh again after that first practice, but as we go through the the the the spring, we will try to um well you know hit as many podcasts as as as as we can. Take a relief following practices that are you know well you know know know know open to the media how many we have Tim we have five well so I I I I mean open by Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah, there's and in so okay like the new facility, so we'll have an opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point uh like well. I think we mentioned that that that that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an so like like like like like hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a a a a uh uh okay little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually actually actually actually set up and can well I mean so actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite you you you you know you know um pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat defeat defeat defeat to Liverpool the end I mean well well there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the the the the game week 29 joining us this well like so week for the second time. This This This This season is gold head of news and features Peter like like like Staunton. Last time time time time last time last time last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching touching touching touching your team since so you know so game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? now now now Not very good. I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about 3.7 million well well well well well like. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think okay okay okay okay uh okay out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used used used used to interested okay you know you know though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from from from from the fact you have you know okay well a lot of players on on on on your team you are playing. Well the well the well the well the problem there so so so so uh like was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got we got we got we got got got got a little we just missed you um I mean you know guys. So So So So we so we so we so we just got a letter so for you here, here, here, here, we wanted to talk so like so about a few things that we've we've we've we've been stumbling upon over the last few you know uh okay days since since since since the finale and couple things we want to talk about I mean like I I I I mean before the reunions show just in case that It gets wild and we don't don't don't don't want okay so I mean to you know, take up too much time in the podcast podcast podcast podcast after that. So we're yeah, like well you know the internet is swirling swirling swirling swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And so you know okay I I I I think now that they can be open and doing you know, you you know um um um um okay definitely see certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances I I I I mean okay I mean. And so we just want to talk about what we we we we found out since the uh well well show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is abercrombie is abercrombie is abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six six six six cents. The all-new the all-new the all-new the all-new Fierce family of fragrances so so you you you you know gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique unique unique unique go to Abercrombie.com and like well um click Fierce to learn more those singers back back back back. Then I then I then I then I mean like you had they I mean um um um um you know were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was was was was you know, and um okay I mean I think there's a larger conversation to to to to be had about, you know, the well like so the death of the black church in the the the the black community. E in the role that played like okay well in the type type type type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really hear so like well well well well like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and and and and again probably so like you know last one is its is it it it it Fantasia? You can't you can't you can't you can't definitely fantastic. It's like - - - - that's the um um so last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean uh I mean well you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where where where where we explore um like uh faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to another installment of uh I mean um Truth and fire the podcast which picks picks picks picks up or truth and fire the block leaves um well I mean off. I'm I'm I'm I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite etfe okay uh um um um um you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness like like like like uh you know goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach approach approach approach to Fitness and Nutrition well so um. So tuning so tuning so so so so tuning so tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back back back back on track or you know you know uh to Simply begin your fitness journey all all all all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things well uh uh uh uh you know about the mentorship group as Leaders. We know we know we know we we we we know that we need the wisdom of a um you know well well well well mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too too too too like um um often finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And And And And then and then and then and then if uh you know uh we do do do do find them then on the other side of the world or is too um I I I I mean so expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been I've been been been been I've been I've been mentoring people now for uh uh so over 30 years in in in in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been I mean you know know know know well thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people people people people well like like. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here here here here so uh uh. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions sessions sessions sessions. You can ask me questions so okay okay anything you like whatever you are are are are in the world for a fraction of the like uh so cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson Hudson Hudson Hudson and well well well on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for for for for downloading. Reading and reading and reading and reading and listening to our so well um um um um show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review review review review the podcast okay you know uh. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? on on on Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are okay okay okay okay okay well Dana husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We We We We like I mean you know will be discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started started started started on today's death you know um so. I just I just I just I just just just just want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium um um um um I mean you know. We really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone everyone everyone everyone who's um um um been learning along with us over the past. It'll be be be be 60 plus days if you are like um well interested in sharing a thought of favorite favorite favorite favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the I mean okay well death or or or or something that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page so so so so um uh or Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists lists lists lists. I'm well um like your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the the the the audio version of video well well okay that we originally published on YouTube here here here here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, uh um um please do do do do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would that would that that that that would that would okay uh like be awesome and let's get into it. Hello Hello Hello Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching I mean like okay top 10 internet. And in in in in the video today, we're looking at the top like well uh 10 real-life spy spy spy spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The well you know know know know well Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Munich Munich Munich Olympics so well like Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had had had had nothing to do with the okay well well terrorist attack. And the murder murder murder murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct okay like uh uh uh uh Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret secret secret secret agencies um um okay and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments moments moments moments just before you get I mean you know um into the list. I will will will will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go so go so go so go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role which role which role which role is a dad athlete and author author author author of Finding Ultra. He also uh so well hosts the long-running super interesting and and and and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked you know well uh about extension crises, crises, crises, crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and like well I I I I mean what art is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm uh uh uh uh um I mean so happy that you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely a delight like okay like to see you. It's been many years. So I've I've I've I've been looking forward to this okay okay so for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is this is this is this is a podcast from expat International today. We We We We will be talking about child sexual uh uh okay exploitation in Turkey in 2017 2017 2017 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of uh uh so a Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married uh uh uh uh you know okay their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, withdrawn, withdrawn, withdrawn, but uh like well in January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill bill bill bill to be introduced. Backpack uh okay uh Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these these these these whirring events in its calls for uh I mean like the government to address the the the the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly so okay I mean podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing subscribing subscribing subscribing as so far and want I mean so you know to touch another thing that that that that I did last week. I made a mistake on okay you know well the Caroline Caroline Caroline Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out and and and and like like uh about be kind and I notice when I listen back to to to to it that I said I mean well like be nice. It's not a big mistake mistake mistake mistake. It's not it's not it's not it's not a big difference, difference, difference, difference, but You know you know well I mean my OCD kicked in and I kind kind kind kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX monster RX monster RX monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning morning morning morning. Good morning. We need to okay okay you know do the top 10 that we did did did did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will so I mean like do it for for for for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday so so so so so so. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say say say say somebody well like well just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat fat fat fat snare well you know like drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation conversation conversation conversation with Dan Bailey where we like I mean um discuss five things to avoid when when when when working on a session for an artist Dan is like um so a drummer drummer drummer drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first first first first you know like I mean aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently recently recently recently released his video series that Bailey okay well I mean method Parts one and two two two two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange you know okay okay County in in in in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning okay um okay and and and and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare rare rare rare you know so you know. So you so you so you so you see exactly how how how how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing it's amazing it's amazing it's amazing amazing amazing amazing part well like uh two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific specific specific specific applications like um um. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e okay so so why.com and check them out on on on on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal deal deal deal. My I mean you know um name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've we've we've we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde. I'm I mean okay I mean two two two two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going to uh uh uh uh uh you know Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's It's It's It's always it's always it's always it's always on the bottom well you know well well well well shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But it's delicious uh like like like like um. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and if there's no section section section section for it, it's not like you can be like, you know well so so so so excuse me. Where's the where's the where's the where's the vinho Verde sections like like like like one bottle if you know Verde uh I mean you know white wine is green wine wine wine wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide okay okay um section which is is is is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which okay I mean mean mean mean um is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My guest guest guest guest you know uh like today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me me me me to share her emotional um okay um story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am am am am so grateful for this opportunity to spend time you know um so with her her her her and talk about her story and forty three year Journey. I just just just just I just I just I just you know so well have to say that that that that throughout High School. This girl was always smiling. She had uh I mean okay okay okay okay the best sense of humor and was just so fun to be around even to to to to so I mean I mean this day. She is still full of life and so so so so are her kids like well like. I love her energy her philanthropy her love love love love for people and her love for Life um um like. Enjoy the episode. Alright Alright Alright Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode 3 of dear so well well past. Thank Thank Thank Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting sitting sitting sitting down so uh okay with actor on my heart for a long time. You know know know know him from these um well uh various parts. Probably the first part you would would would would Norm for is the power of like well okay methadone Mac on still game since since since since then, he's been in a lots of things like car I mean well well well well well. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with with with with a okay uh like few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor actor actor actor. He's a really good uh uh uh guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey so so so so you know well was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had okay okay okay okay you know I mean to you know, bring it back and do it again twice twice twice twice. That's what I'm I mean well you know talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how how how how entertaining I mean so uh will be when you are watching us. Now. You You You You can watch the 4:30 like well you know movie with Steven watching Darren Darren Darren Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on um uh you you you you know electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV TV TV TV stir TV so I mean okay Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and and and and you just have to so I mean well pick one. You don't have have have have to have all your not them all of them, but so uh you know know know know it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss I I I I mean uh well us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house house house house in person. Hey, this I mean I mean like is Marc a Altman from Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're okay well okay a a a a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it it it it um so you know Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy spy spy spy Mania. It's a it's a it's a it's a you know okay uh hefty hefty hefty hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name name name name is Mike so so well Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy boy boy boy. Do we have I mean so I mean a special guest for you you you you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow uh um so so so so them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with so so so so you know you know us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox Sox Sox Sox podcast. This is so so uh going to be weird for me because I I I I don't normally do interviews. I you I you I you I you know um okay normally normally normally normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you uh well well well well okay having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the the the the I mean like like basement right now where we've been doing this now for for for for almost two years and it you know like you know really is like a Grassroots thing thing thing thing that I didn't expect to get as big as I mean I mean like like like like it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event event event event of cork and Kerry um you know like the park on the 28th, and and and and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast like you know uh from there through through through through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to so I mean uh uh uh uh two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we we we we discuss both uh um I mean the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your your your your host Mike summer, and I well you know well want to help you buy sell and and and and trade your way into a collection you'll love well uh like. Hello everybody and thank you you you you for joining me for another episode today. I you know uh well want to ask you you you you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the you know so you know whole whole whole whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? worse worse worse I think okay like you know if you really stop and think about about about about it and honest answer for some of okay like um you would be yes, I'd I'd I'd I'd be better off if it all went away and for well like um um um um others you. Fathom a fathom a fathom a fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why so so so so why so why so why not try make a like you know uh uh uh uh podcast and better yet. Try it try it try it try it on anchor because because because because one it's free, which okay you know like is great. And as creation tools that allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean like you know right from from from from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast you know know know know I mean um for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So So So So download the like okay well free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to to to to I'm to I'm to I'm to get Ready? Hey, um hey, um hey, um um um um hey, um you know um so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board you know know know know okay like member Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points points points points. I'm Michael Carboni. This I this I this I this I mean okay I mean is is is is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the um um um um so okay rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played played played played in more um um I mean places. All right, all right, all right, right, right, right, all right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've you you you you I've you I've you I've you know like like got a very special guest with with with with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are you are you are you are now listening to the life and and and and football podcast check out the new uh um like website life and footballcom footballcom footballcom footballcom. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams well okay okay okay okay okay. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are um um um um okay I mean behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was was was was in a bowl game against you know um I mean Georgia State. This kid is is is is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling I'm telling I'm telling I'm telling telling telling telling y'all like um you know hand down Wyoming is one of the top top top top programs in the country uh like so. I love what they have going on over there there there there. I love I love I love I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let I mean so like me explain it's free. There's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit um so well your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you I I I I mean I mean you know. So it so it so it so it can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make I I I I mean so I mean money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship ship ship ship is everything you need to make you know uh okay podcasts in in in in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to you know um um um um um get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited excited excited excited like uh uh about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means means means means wisdom I mean uh um expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I I I I believe that wealth is not just about like um well how much money you you you you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in well okay like like like like your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's America's America's America's largest so uh well mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools pools pools pools with professionalism and an so okay uh intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user user user user experience and have a great selection of I mean you know you know pools for for for for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big uh I mean like Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure I I I I mean so well to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful grateful grateful grateful that Luxor is um so uh chosen to sponsor the show going into into into into 2020. We would love it if you okay so like as listeners would support the the the the show by Ting them you can find them online at like like you know know know know Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team you you you you know okay well. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto crypto crypto crypto mining podcast so uh you know in the history of the world on today's episode episode episode episode mean hash and I I mean you know so are joined by mr. Seth Estrada Estrada Estrada Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof you know like you know of work work work work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk we talk we talk we talk a little little little little bit about Prague like so I mean pal and mean hash has an epic rant rant rant rant on the inclusion of big like I mean well Tech into the crypto space space space space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 one day Peter and John were were were were going up to the temple at the you know you know um time of prayer prayer prayer prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from you know know know know you know uh birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where where where where he was put every uh okay so day to beg from those going into into into into the temple courts when he saw Peter and John so well well about to enter enter enter enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him as did John then I I I I mean like okay Peter said look at us. So the man gave gave gave gave them his attention expecting to well I mean you know get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a occupy a occupy a occupy a job on Wall Street is an an an an autobiographical novel about New York City you know you know I mean in the the the the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln uh okay I mean mean mean mean Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a you know you you you you know um sharp decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, defense, defense, defense, um like you know it did look pretty hopeless. Japan was japan was japan was was was was japan was mired in Endless deflation every so like okay news piece on South Korea Korea Korea Korea showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And you and you and you you you you and you know well well the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating eating eating eating peasants, but I um uh um work for a macro fund and the founder was was was was a bit of you know um well a contrarian who believed the best long-term long-term long-term long-term Investments were made when no one else uh so like was looking so an internal internal internal internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already so uh well well well well had FX in the region but back in those days. It was it was it it it it was it was almost like the trading I mean you know okay job was unionized unionized unionized unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph so so like like like like podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how how how how was like um okay the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid solid solid solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to I mean you know uh sleep in which was was was was lovely. Sorry. You weren't you weren't you weren't you weren't in Florida. I know it it it it is so like you know rough being back here in PA, but it it it it was all right. I can't I mean okay you know complain man, you know on on on on Friday. We had we had we had we had a show about the woman woman woman woman who you know I mean okay membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in in in in a suitcase. Yes okay you know well. I'm playing hide and seek and they have internal internal internal internal and oh, I don't know if okay um like you should go back to Florida Florida Florida Florida. It is it is it is it is full of really really weird well well well well uh so people but it also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, Well, Well, Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh well um well no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First First First First of like okay okay all going to look at a summary of what what what what happens in seems one and I mean okay okay two of act three scene one one one one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo speaks I mean so so to himself himself himself himself. He's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to to to to get the crown. He so he so he so he so um I mean says says says says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still hopes that that that that well uh uh this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his his his his chief guests you know okay like this implies that he still treats banquet banquet banquet banquet like his best friend. Of course of course of course of course that's out um um um um like okay on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and macbeth and and and and macbeth and macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He well he well he well well well well he well so okay says that having the crown is not enough. He He He He must feel secure as king uh so like to be thus nothing but but but but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo like well I mean is is is is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose being I do do do do um um I mean fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons Sons Sons Sons would be Kings and well um uh so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I wait, I wait, I wait, I want it put this one one one one behind me too. So, I'm um okay like right. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you don't want to be like like um like I I I I don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to to to to question the you know I mean you know self you've reached episode to my my my my conversation with my mom. If you if you if you if you read to shake shake shake shake um okay okay the sleeping self, you know that my mom is is is is a main character and a you know I mean well beloved one, but also also also also the source of a lot of conflict and my I mean you know uh life and and and and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but um um um um well like just because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and and and and saved her okay you know um life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey journey journey journey um well you know of living with terminal cancer has led me to to to to believe that most of the perceived problems like I mean I mean and worries worries worries worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact you you you you know I mean well that we all only have one life and that that that that none of us are promised another okay like I mean day on this beautiful planet planet planet planet. We all we all we all we all call home regardless. Of our current current current current I mean okay you know health status after all would you seriously stay in in in in the job you hate or like okay okay the relationship that makes you miserable miserable miserable miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next so like well year. Hell no, hell hell hell hell no, hell no, hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you you you you happy and you I mean like uh certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size size size size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I you know like okay interview people who are are are are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and and and and opinions like well like and expertise you would like to share with the world? world world world Well anchor is the so so okay easiest way to make a podcast. That's That's That's That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything you well I mean uh need need need need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your well um so so so so mobile device or computer. They have they have they have they have Amazing Creation tools tools tools tools allowing you to record and edit so I mean like so your podcast podcast podcast podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast um um um um so I mean Google podcast and so many more and the best part you you you you can easily I mean okay like make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go go go go download the app anchor well I mean okay or go to ANC hor dot f f f f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and I mean okay uh this this this this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share share share share well I mean you know with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of of of of survive. HR. My name my name my name my name is I mean um so so so so Kelly Scheib. For those for those for those for those of you guys that that that that are first-time listeners. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here joined by by by by okay so I mean my co-host Steve now we are so we had had had had a plan for today and as well okay so is typical with my life, life, life, life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus I mean like well well well well out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant so I I I I mean um to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't weren't weren't weren't you just in, California well so okay. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I was was was was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is originated well like like. I I I I think that we need no well, like have you been watching United States? States States States well uh okay I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you you you you they haven't well I mean so even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm I'm I'm I'm glad we've got the experts we have I mean um I mean here today to to to to talk to us. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from yes from from from from yes from yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the uh uh uh uh you know you know topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and and and and closure. What uh okay so kind of interesting email here from a guy who writes in in in in thanking me for my work you know so so and telling me how just just just just in a short period of time. He's in a situation like so uh uh uh uh where I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting getting getting getting a you know like I mean divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 6-8 6-8 6-8 weeks ago. He found out you know like I mean she was having having having having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting um okay so so so so thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, okay okay okay okay like you know but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and and and and hooking up uh I mean I mean with his wife without any kind of of of of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast like um like like like like with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged you you you you know well like those things, but if man were here episode the first first first first episode really looking forward to getting some like so okay contest Soma Soma And And And And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said okay I mean well it it it it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and four weeks weeks weeks weeks later okay so well. We expect that one is following a few months now and and and and telling the well um you know last year so but interesting how we actually got got got got go to my I don't remember well well like that day like yesterday device device device device right here is a kind of weird one were well uh I mean both both both both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it keep it keep it keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something something something something. You already know the like I mean you know world ain't all sunshine and and and and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I well you know uh don't don't don't don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and uh uh uh uh you know uh keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody nobody nobody nobody is gonna okay uh uh hit as hard as life, but it ain't about about about about how hard you hit it's so I mean I mean about how hard you can can can can get hit and keep moving forward how much you okay um well can take and and and and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know um so so so so you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But But But But you but you but you but you gotta like so well be willing to take take take take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't like I mean you know know know know where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that you know know know know um I mean. And that ain't you you better than that. It's about about about about how hard you can get hit okay so so and keep moving forward forward forward forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were those were those were those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know know know know it's Ryan okay um so crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it it it it. And we're I think well well I mean timed it perfectly. All right. So the the the the quick podcast quick turnaround in what um like um three days. Yeah four days. Well, Well, Well, Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we well um well will be releasing things things things things I so for them. It's a it's a it's a it's a week but maybe Monday here here here here like you know um week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week so okay I mean mixed up Tuesday. It's super super super super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means you know like uh. It's It's It's It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not it's not it's not not not not it's not super Tuesday you know okay you know. Oh, whatever do. All All All All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is this is this is is is is this is the fifth episode. I so um so believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this this this this podcast is not able to join this you know okay okay week because he he he he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain like um I mean. What What What What up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special special special special guests uh so you know from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what what what what up, what up, dude and um well um Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Gale Gale Gale Brown okay uh um from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked shocked shocked shocked the state of um you know uh Kentucky. She was she was she was she she she she was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra uh uh uh uh you know okay one man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what what what what really happened to Betty Gale well you know well Brown that night to hear hear hear hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free like um I mean on on on on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature okay okay okay okay okay uh of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and and and and um well you know discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive offensive offensive offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for okay I mean you know children under 13 13 13 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer Aid conference conference conference conference which uh well I mean is happening for the third year on Saturday, June June June June 6th, 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The like okay I mean layer a conference conference conference conference is the first one to solely focus on social engineering and open source um okay uh uh uh uh intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always seemed to have a a a a well I mean you know great story. Re and you can hear many of those those those those stories through their okay uh um presentations at the conference, but not every story can can can can fill a whole presentation like uh uh and not all storytellers can get get get get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast will okay okay I mean only be stories told by the investigators themselves themselves themselves themselves. No interviews. No slides no slides no slides no slides just stories okay um okay some might be be be be a short as five minutes some may even go for 45 minutes okay like like like like okay. I hope I hope I hope I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or or or or reflect so um like those of the company and its management for their more the the the the views and opinions okay uh I mean of the guests and and and and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me so so um um um um Julian Morgan's. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience experience experience experience well um okay. And today we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious ambitious ambitious ambitious science experiments of okay um I mean the 20th century. It's a story about about about about for men and for women who are locked inside uh so okay this enormous enormous enormous enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen you know know know know uh well. And as you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of of of of the Flies. I think I think I think I think I mean um so things started started started started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark you know know know know you know so. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened opened opened opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want I I I I mean I mean uh to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming coming coming coming to you from multiple uh you know like States. Got it and a couple of of of of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where where where where we were Tuxedos and it's um okay so time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I I I I love that when you say it. You sound uh well you know like you're trying to to to to be a radio announcer. You're like you're like you're like you're like welcome back to to to to another so well I mean episode of I don't want to put my my my my microphone. We're not we're not we're not we're not in the well you you you you know so new studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout hangout hangout hangout if you watch so um well the Vlog that we posted at by the the the the time you listen to this a few so um like weeks ago we found found found found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our uh I mean mean mean mean uh project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the the the the so you know well meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So So So So we've now recorded a podcast okay so I mean in three different places. This is is is is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them um you know um so so so so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in so like I mean mean mean mean like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let so let so let so let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and and and and okay like uh this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of of of of chilling Adventures of so I mean like Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's it's it's it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't okay uh well forget guys stick stick stick stick around for the any because we are going to go well you know so so so so through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So So So So be you know okay well sure to stick around for that. We also we also also also also we also we also have our contest going on right I mean uh well now now now now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop you know know know know like um socket. To enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be be be be entered okay okay I mean in the draw. We're extending this contest to the the the the end of Riverdale season for so we I mean I mean uh have lots of of of of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones well like uh uh uh uh. Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the like like like like like I mean channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season season season season finale. What I what I what I what I mean I mean like do you you you you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple you know well well well well well things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and and and and Sarah Franklin I mean um I mean bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and and and and reflect on their own Journey with so I mean I mean Bachelor Nation Nation Nation Nation. Enjoy. Women tell women tell women tell women tell all women tell all but but but but first women get eliminated and okay okay okay by women, I mean woman woman woman woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week so well uh and we have have have have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This This This This um this um this um this um I mean you know episode includes discussions of of of of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive okay you know like. We We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at at at at okay well I mean Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting meeting meeting meeting The so like okay Unofficial leader. Our 30 our 30 our 30 our our our our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president uh you know know know know um of the Oakland Charter. He was he was he was he was a legend in in in in his own right at least. That's so okay um what he'd say. As As As As Sonny as Sonny as Sonny as Sonny walked he spotted a brand new new new new California Hells Angels flag you know uh you know. It featured a a a a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of well okay uh uh uh uh the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and so uh uh uh uh uh other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order order order order to reinvent religion okay like uh for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a a a a friend while listening like so okay to to the excellent album hearts of No No No No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend so uh like for fans of Behemoth in in in in particular and blew out one of the speakers in I mean well uh uh uh uh my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of I I I I mean okay uh Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable enjoyable enjoyable enjoyable when it's only coming out of I mean I mean like one of of of of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go go go go to Anchor so I mean okay dot. F m-- to get started guys. This This This This is by far anchors the like uh you know best way to download and record record record record your podcast best platform out there. You I mean I mean well can can can can put it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my my my my well like uh friends use it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've I've I've I've used other platforms, and like okay um I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So So So So make so make so make so make sure you sign up with anchor uh well well well well you know if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested interested interested interested as well. Hey, like okay uh what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's so here's so here's so here's the scenario you're in a relationship with with with with a partner, and that partner has like so so another partner that person by the the the the way, for those of you don't know has a special like like um um um um term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner well well well well so uh. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone someone someone someone you're in a so I mean uh relationship with your partner. And so you you you you have a metamour and you want to know okay um um this person. Maybe you you you you maybe you maybe you maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're you're you're you're really uh you know uh into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can can can can be on such I mean like I mean good terms with your metamour that the the the the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen I mean okay okay either yours or or or or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you maybe you maybe maybe maybe maybe you maybe you want okay okay so to be besties and you know gang up up up up on your partner from time to time or I mean I mean so have threesomes or whatever whatever whatever whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for for for for today's in like okay like conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is is is is all things travel during chasing an action okay like well taking I'm excited to to to to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find out what creative okay okay okay okay so well plans he is. Currently he currently he currently he currently currently currently currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously known Zach uh well well well well well is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives who were were were were uh well like traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me me me me. Welcome to the podcast Zach um um I mean a Georgia. Thanks for thanks thanks thanks thanks for thanks for thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met at at at at I mean um I mean Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot lot lot lot of people these days. Yeah, um um you know you should Park ourselves off off off off when our laptops and a lot of people come through I mean okay um and sort sort sort sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You um um like got got got got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty yeah yeah yeah yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our so so so so so so show notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and and and and I opened well so well it. I was reading it through and it said said said said if anyone ever comes to okay I mean uh you saying all is well well well well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of uh so like like like like have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words words words words uh okay um. And so okay. So what so what so what so what I'm I'm I'm I'm getting at is are there good angels and so uh like bad angels angels angels angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream well uh I mean mean mean mean of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any any any any who for whatever I mean you know so reason are standing in a place where where where where they are not allowing their alignment with uh well you know that stream stream stream stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being I mean mean mean mean you know like that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's That's That's That's always where like I mean okay you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta okay okay okay okay you know uh gibberish. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be your host and and and and I have to say I'm extremely happy uh uh like to be here with with with with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing so like like waking youth youth youth youth. How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth you you you you know um I mean is all about so over the summer I was was was was listening to a lot of podcasts like okay so and I was thinking that that that that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when like uh uh uh uh well I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was was was was also uh I mean like looking for an initiative and I was feeling feeling feeling feeling very stressed and very anxious and I okay um I mean realized that that that that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously so well well well well you know we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I you you you you know well well wanted to let you all know that we have joined the the the the Frolic podcast Network front okay uh I mean leg is a podcast community of of of of everything romance and romance related as you well so um know, I am both a reader reader reader reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia um well you know. Well romance is not not not not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many like so like kinds kinds kinds kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows knows knows knows the value um uh like of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part part part part of this community. If you're I mean I mean well into romance in any flavor check check check check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes like okay uh uh uh uh one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's well well well well I mean well podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been been been been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners listeners listeners listeners some additional content about the uh you know well world of True Crime Crime Crime Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious you know well uh subjects subjects subjects subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring exploring exploring exploring the you know uh um most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park park park park as Network. We've collected short clips like well you know from some of our most popular podcast podcast podcast podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like you know uh uh motivation method method method method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really um so I mean mean mean mean is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever um well uh you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we we we we used will be posted in um uh um the description today. We're discussing we're we're we're we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates what motivates motivates motivates motivates what motivates what motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you you you you know uh um you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So So So So we so we so we so we hope you um well well guys have have have have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at so okay like 7:00 7:00 7:00 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We uh um um um um okay literally literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this this this this is uh like um some sight. It was it was it was it was was was was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we so well um um um um just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes okay okay okay okay okay I mean eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with um um um um like well us again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to to to to do uh like like this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the the the the other day that like okay like we've been at this for a year. Well, Well, Well, Well, I think this is like episode okay okay I mean 56 or something. Maybe it it it it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out I mean so so there to to to to correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not uh uh uh uh well um correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other other other other in the course of so so like the show, but that just has because we we we we do is almost zero prep okay like I mean. We just kind of of of of come from wherever we are and we sit down and and um you you you you know you know I think most of the time we do catch each each each each other but Caitlin someone Catches well well I mean Us from someplace else else else else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened okay uh uh uh uh um to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've I I I I I've I I've I I've I mean I mean um not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late late late late. I um I um I um I um you know so was supposed to be be be be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New like uh uh uh uh uh Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of of of of stuff um okay like going on and I could have recorded like the days days days days after but I had so much like uh well shit like a dentist's appointment appointment appointment appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I smear I smear I smear smear smear smear I have errands so um like to run I was linking with people that I I I I see in a while I mean you know like. Basically, I really didn't didn't didn't didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans and my okay like okay mom house house house house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it be well I mean you you you you know loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no no no no you know um you know one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying trying trying trying to record well I mean like before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my okay well well well well okay name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it it it it raw and real um I mean okay on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do do do do talk about scientific topics like uh uh that might be controversial. So just be be be be mindful of before blasting this episode on I mean well you know speakers speakers speakers speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a a a a uh like like mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions opinions opinions opinions expressed by I mean okay you know our guests. Should there be any are are are are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's well I mean well weird. It's time time time time it's time it's time it's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode episode episode episode uh like okay 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker broker broker broker. I was right like like so. Yeah. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Justin Justin Justin Anderson here already typed in there okay like like wait for your intro on on on on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time well I mean mean mean mean okay. That's extremely that's extremely that's extremely that's extremely room a numbers guy. We got got got got that Patrick Marsh joining us I mean um I mean via Skype in the the the the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm um uh I I I I mean up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like like like like almost always cloudy, uh I mean you know but you can tell it's like this this this this warm muggy ish that weather that like I mean well we're used to being known known known known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's well you know know know know like been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like like like like that. Well, so well, so well, so well, so uh okay it sucks here so good good good good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode episode episode episode so okay you know includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We We We We advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children I mean um um um um okay under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone gone gone gone home for well uh uh the holidays the bite of new Frost sits sits sits sits in the air and the snow-covered uh I mean um World feels feels feels feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league like like like like like uh Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you you you you swap stories you know uh like about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up up up up late late enough that um you know I mean the idea of a walk walk walk walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like seems like seems seems seems seems like seems like you know uh like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight straight straight straight line you know like uh. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came came came came back with hot I mean um well dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs dogs dogs dogs were so good man that day at like um you know the space space space space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us so okay okay okay okay you know. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with with with with that funnel okay so you know cake. We all know are you get what what what what you have to watch funnel cake typically so okay um. Yeah, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who who who who loves funnel so like well cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old old old old good old good old good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is this is this is this is the sports criminals March Madness special each day day day day in March. We're counting down the well um like top 31 Sports scandals of the the the the past 31 years in today's episode we go I mean so um back to the the the the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he so so so so so um was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two um um um um like well years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for for for for well so uh more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special special special special as always you um well uh can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your your your your podcasts. Millions of millions of millions of millions of viewers had okay I mean like gathered gathered gathered gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew um um um um okay okay ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made made made made me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious well well well well like well minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and okay okay okay okay well like again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute minute minute minute increments of sleep you like okay uh drag your aching body out of of of of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through I mean um like ooh your your your your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as like um I I I I mean you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed like like like like so you know voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and and and and the precise okay like uh temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but but but but you remember it was well well like cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name my name my name my name name name name is dr. Brian Havas okay like you know. And today and today and today today today today and today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and like like like like you know okay I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential differential differential differential targeted Multiplex waveform okay well uh chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if if if if you guys are not aware of you know um uh dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is Is Is Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex you know okay you know know know know he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for for for for uh you know I mean the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for for for for the research that like okay so dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday happy Monday Monday Monday Monday happy Monday happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the you know know know know well um doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator operator operator operator of dialed Health, uh um so which is strength training for cyclists. Now today today today today. Our topic is all about why circuit workouts well well so are optimal optimal optimal optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin in do you know know know know uh um thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most most most most of my um like so Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I I I I put out our mixed in some form of uh uh so a a a a circuit. So you so you so you so you want to know why that is is is is. Is it is it is it is it something that really is like you know like like like like better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're going to to to to so uh uh break down the science and we're also going to break down some reality reality reality reality because okay I mean uh you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't can't can't can't get around real um so so life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both both both both and then really why I choose I mean like so to do them and why why why why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists so okay you know. As always always always always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And I I I I mean I mean uh as you can see, my energy is on such a different different different different level than it was okay I mean so for episode 1. I'm so I'm so so so so I'm so I'm so happy to be here. I had I had I had I had got got got got so many great like so um compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys guys guys guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app today and I mean I mean so get access to thousands of free book and and and and audio book summaries on personal development productivity um you know you know business and and and and more listen to them while working out or commuting to you know like well well well well work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go well well well well um you know to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today today today today. Summary of I mean you know so the Fine Art of small talk by by by by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick okay I mean so read narrated by by by by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was uh well uh overweight overweight overweight overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when when when when you know okay um her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to to to to her birthday party that Deborah so uh okay first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting starting starting starting your well so well own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started started started started. We'll anchor is so like um the way to do it. That's actually actually actually actually what we use to host this podcast. So okay so you know if you you you you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just I mean um um um um um download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you you know know know know okay um just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different different different different places such as Spotify Apple so like you know iTunes Google Stitcher all those places places places places of people download podcasts and it's easy uh like okay and best of All All All All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m like well uh or download the the the the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into I mean uh uh uh uh you know Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to the show show show show. We I mean so you know couldn't do this without you. So be sure at at at at the end of the show to uh uh so leave a review review review review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have I'll have I'll I'll I'll I'll have I'll have all the um um uh pertinent Links at the bottom. So So So So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before but before but before but before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast okay well I mean. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow you to record and edit uh like well your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So well so well so so so so well so well so um it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money you know you know I mean from your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast so so so so so um in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM FM FM FM to get um so uh arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for for for for the bag podcast today I mean well like on our show. We have we it's it's it's it's called speaking for the bag. We have you know I mean um Kaylee. I'm calling calling calling calling Jace and Avery. I can't I can't I can't I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some some some some um like um workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and and and and you really you know I mean so really struggle to find the time or or or or if you travel a lot then well you know well you need this this this this plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK I mean uh uh uh uh you know. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit hit hit hit plan is I mean like you know a four-week plan which consists of three workouts workouts workouts workouts every single week all different workouts. You like so you know also get access to the the the the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of okay you know I mean mean mean mean how to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might you you you you know you know so need a sofa you might get a chair up some some some some point, but very very very I mean well uh minimal equipment and stuff that that that that you can find around the house. And so if you know uh I mean you you you you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet planet planet planet is so I mean uh also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we go go go go I mean okay well. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one one one one on. Becoming you know well well extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week week week week I decided you know, hey, I'll you know um I mean take a a a a break. I'll watch I'll watch I'll watch I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know know know know. Oh, okay you know you know here we go. My favorite guide The The The The Rock. He's got a new movie out like well um. Hell, yeah, you know The The The The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young okay so um child child child child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch watch watch watch well like um WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary legendary legendary legendary character to my life, right? So he's so he's so he's so he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another another another another podcast. Been awhile and want to uh so so share something that I'm dealing dealing dealing dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind you know well well of funny actually actually actually actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of like well um my last Whatever Whatever Whatever Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I you you you you know okay well dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to to to to a woman about my age so well like that I met on one of those trashy trashy trashy trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass like like well fucking dating sites online dating dating dating dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, that was the first mistake mistake mistake mistake and uh well uh we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're We're We're We're up I mean um you know to episode 17 which has been a lot of of of of fun and we're certainly getting well you know okay through these episodes but we get get get get to meet and interact with a lot of different people so like so. And today today today today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of grand well well well well well okay obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank you thank you for having me well like um. No worries no worries no worries no no no no worries at all. It's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's a pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure. Come and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no no no no I mean so um. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation nation nation nation find your Saving Grace Lord so okay I mean and repent of sins sins sins sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is about you you you you know uh like it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that that that that. We're nearing the beginning I mean okay like of Doc season. So we're going going going going to say that after today's episode. There will um well like be no more more more more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really okay um um um um um following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script script script script I mean so okay shit, you know where else far far away where it takes takes takes takes us months to create I mean I mean I mean new merch but but but but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores you know know know know uh um / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are are are are super like you know uh cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi Mi Mi Mi L. We finally got our shit um like well together. We got we got got got got we got we got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it it it it so um so. Thank you. So fucking much. We love you. We love we we we we love we love we love you Jackie. Love you. There's so uh uh uh uh okay um many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill ahamill ahamill ahamill logo. Love um you know I mean it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it it it it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast uh you you you you know you know. I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess vigeland the host host host host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, well um uh uh uh uh we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team team team team can uh well uh stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the the the the think with Google podcast drops um well okay on March 5th. You can listen listen listen listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to I mean so uh podcasts. From From From From Yuma from Yuma from Yuma from Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and and and and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks I socks I socks I socks I mean I I I I mean okay mmm I'm going to tell you a story that I think you you you you sort of remember so I mean uh but maybe don't know the details of okay, okay, okay, okay, so last spring I went so so I mean to a therapist because because because because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and uh so I mean I I I I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good good good good stuff I mean well well Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends friends friends friends the podcast for a talk okay um like to people much more interesting than than than than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire um you know um um um um and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm I'm I'm I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on so well uh the first amount of of of of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone. We well okay okay okay okay I mean were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine medicine medicine medicine because you well um I mean run around the world throwing my Mike's in in in in front of people and go on uh like well. Give us a call directly directly directly directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody well well well that answers questions questions questions questions. But here but here but here but here we are. So I'll give it it it it give it like you know so my best real lovely. I also feel bad bad bad bad as well because obviously this morning you were so I mean uh on the road road road road. It was on a phone in or do you have to go to Studio so so so so okay like ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I so so so so I so I so I was reading up um like okay everybody who's with with with with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really well so you know know know know uh stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here here here here uh okay you know to tell you about our family what you guys guys guys guys the reason why you are listening I mean um um to the guys next next next next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for like um um anybody out there there there there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your I mean uh uh uh uh um voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally literally literally literally the um okay you know easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain explain explain explain it's free. There's Creation tools that so um okay allow you to record record record record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer you know okay I mean mean mean mean anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard heard heard heard on Spotify so okay uh Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money money money money like I'm not even uh uh okay pushing you could really make money from your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that I mean you know uh you need need need need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time it's time it's time it's time time time time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from from from from you know um so today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder founder founder founder and CEO of uh uh you know the gradient a creative recruiting platform before before before before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on so I mean well the brand side at companies companies companies companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a uh like like masters at at at at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as so so so so so you know a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing marketing marketing marketing trade World like so um. They joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching launching launching launching the gradient like okay you know in the coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from from from from our conversation. Love told uh I mean uh us why she wanted to start start start start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey just just just just hey just hey just uh I mean so jokes listeners before we get into this this this this episode. I'd like to take a well um you know moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor if anchor if anchor if anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest easiest easiest easiest way to okay I mean I mean make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost cost cost cost any money. That's why we use it. There's okay so you know a creation tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh uh uh uh so you know phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your your your your pockets for you I mean okay okay can be heard. On Spotify on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify on Spotify on Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from well well well well I mean well your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need need need need to make a you know um well podcast right in one place download the free free free free a tinker app or well like uh go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that um um um um um I mean works. That was good cool. I started I started I started started started started I started I started I don't give a fuck. I okay so uh started sit sit sit sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory victory victory victory victory so I mean I mean. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud shroud shroud shroud of the dark side Has Fallen so well um Begun the Clone War has hello hello hello hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This okay so uh is a doing talking and Friends Friends Friends Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final well uh okay season of of of of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very so you you you you know well very excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest finest finest finest ocean okay you know like paddlers in the world here in the suppressor suppressor suppressor suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai well I mean um to Oahu Oahu Oahu Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world well so so so so you know. He does a bit of everything. But the but the but the the the the but the reason we wanted to chat with him you know um so today today today today is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done like um um um um well some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey um um um um like well. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going going going going to get well well so here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for for for for the bit of wind coming so uh like on the weekend 12 towers are good good good good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not um uh um so good about seven seven seven seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding I mean okay you know know know know going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name name name name my name my name my name is AC you know okay well well well well. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have Rebecca like like like like um uh. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this this this this so you know um is an interesting podcast because this is going to to to to be take two because we so I mean like well I was sick two two two two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So so so so so so so so so so so so okay it didn't do one then and last week we we we we did a podcast and you uh um like always have to have that one one one one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from traveling from traveling from traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, easy, easy, easy, especially when you were doing uh okay like it in a Dugout Dugout Dugout Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis uh um uh and and and and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of uh um um um um um the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the you you you you know I mean I mean sleeping men were so exhausted. They had they had had had had they had they had no idea an intruder was in their um like um um um um midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison bison bison bison meat you know uh well that had been hung up to dry. If it decided decided decided decided it wanted to snack on so uh so some humans. There would be no no no no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know know know know well you know I mean that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right right right right. If you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor um um um um you know okay it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's free uh I mean like. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit your podcast right from I mean like well your phone or computer. I'm doing doing doing doing this ad from my phone as we speak um I mean I mean. Anchor Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard you know know know know well so on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your your your your podcast with no like so I mean minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's It's It's It's everything you need to make podcast in one uh uh so place download the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to well well well well um I mean get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number number number number 95 coming like so I mean at you. We're hitting you with a combine combine combine combine recap talking about how our boys you know okay you know the Hawks of this this this this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast okay well so where we talk to you about how you can start start start start and grow your hardscaping business in uh well well this week. We are are are are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day this you know know know know like like week. You are likely going to get an episode based on okay uh uh uh uh like the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and and and and actually okay like I mean this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison Morrison Morrison Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime okay well um friend of mine. He works for for for for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us uh so well about acquiring the the the the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, so okay you know know know know but the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how well well well well okay I mean to get them into your business as leads and where where where where to take it from there? so so so so so so so so I mean mean mean mean So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further you you you you know you know um Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined joined joined joined by Mark Morrison. He well I mean so is a business development manager for for for for intrigued media a digital marketing services um okay you know provider for businesses in in in in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make make make make you know you know uh a podcast. Let me let me let me let me me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you so uh I mean to record and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will okay um um um um I mean distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and okay um um many other platforms. You can make money from from from from your podcast with no minimum like okay so and our listenership is everything you you you you need to make a podcast in one place like um like. Base download the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started well well well well well so. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young young young young row row the uh like okay mayor holler at a player but I got all all all all scheduled for today. Is this what okay like uh is this? I don't I don't I I I I don't I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to to to to the podcast well you know like. So a so a so a so a big big big big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube I mean like like like like so channel is from people that are just getting started with their online online online online store and you know well um they want to know what they actually have to get get get get done prior to launch uh so like. So kind of the technicality is right right right right and this is outside of how to um I mean so pick a a a a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You like you like like like like you like you like okay well can learn more about on my free training over over over over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a like um uh link to that in the the the the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you okay um okay know all that that that that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then the okay okay okay okay I mean uh question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before before before before you make that uh like you know website on Shopify before you contact contact contact contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? like uh like uh like uh like like like like uh like So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go go go go over a couple so like you know different options you have and then let you know know know know what I do and what I okay uh uh recommend so with that being being being being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a well you you you you know you know bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing doing doing doing. I like okay so did two very much so good. Yes good. I was was was was a safari I wasn't like so uh so hi everyone. We are back with our our our our good friend Johnny Scott Hello okay I mean uh Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How How How How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah you know okay um good had a sizable sizable sizable sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable so well so brick brick brick brick good or because you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our I I I I mean you know uh lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called called called called okay like um anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am I am am am am I am I am using to produce this podcast for um so uh you. So So So So if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now now now now. What well um well is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool tool tool tool that you can use to create uh like so and record and edit. Build Build Build Build your build your build your build your podcast right on your phone or or or or your computer anchor distributes um you know you know your podcast for you. So I I I I don't have to track down apple and Spotify and so you know okay Google Google Google Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of click the well well well well okay okay button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from from from from these so I mean well podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an an an an ad that I've written for you know so uh them so that I can make a a a a little bit of money off of this I mean you know well podcast. That's why why why why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if so if so if so if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th well well well well well um episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is is is is the weekend preview show. We like okay I mean are going to talk about a a a a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova at so so uh uh uh uh Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke Duke Duke Duke well uh okay at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell Yell Yell Yell at Michigan um okay uh Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to to to to sneak into this show uh so um here before I get into it as as as as always be sure to like subscribe hit the like I mean uh notification Bell and then then then then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts um I mean so so so so. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every single day day day day so um uh and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap swap swap swap best place by far okay okay uh to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find find find find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They They They They like I mean well literally named it. The deus the deus the deus the deus deus deus deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody everybody everybody everybody so you know uh. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to try to to to to try to try to Beth better spaced apart you know okay uh my words because Nick was was was was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back um I mean so to the enemies seven seven seven seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up what's up what's up what's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm your host for a conspirator a you know like so this is my little little little little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I like I mean mean mean mean so would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just just just just well uh um need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so so so so What is this podcast well um you know about well, let me tell you as you you you you can. See the name is conspiracy a um okay I mean and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm I'm I'm I'm going well well you know to talk about a Convent not really conversation conversation conversation conversation. Let's talk about a statement from Brandi um uh you know Love about her and her her her her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with that. I like okay okay don't don't don't don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie like like like like you know okay and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard heard heard heard about I mean well like anchor before downloading it this time, it is is is is the easiest way to make okay you know uh a podcast and I encourage encourage encourage encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun it's fun it's fun it's fun and and and and it's okay you know you know free. It's free to download is free free free free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you um you know so have conversations. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it I mean mean mean mean well like. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your podcast right from uh um like your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So I so I so I so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay Shay Shay Shay uh well okay. I have just some random stuff. I want I want want want want I want I want us to talk about before we talk um I mean mean mean mean you know about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we we we we were reading the well uh well Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question question question question is no spoilers. We don't have to so uh I mean say anything in case case case case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea you know um you know tell me me me me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading like you know know know know uh Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be be be be under a rock like so uh right now. I even I even I even I even even even even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just like um uh to to to to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went I went went went went I went I went down when you know uh you know I read this but but but but that bad it's not that bad. I went to you know like well his Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop pop pop pop out was podcast. I'm here with you know well so Hannah burner from summer summer summer summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think you like so so so so so guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't wait wait wait wait so uh well for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here I'm I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here with Hannah from Summer House so I mean okay Hannah Hannah Hannah Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels like comfortable um uh okay okay okay okay in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never safe safe safe safe like so um. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much much much much for coming. I I mean so um like being here for many reasons, but but but but first of all because I feel like you're what like I mean you you you you know I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east coast coast coast coast and okay well like I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a a a a workaholic and um okay like cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Sasha T show show show show. So for this so so I mean episode This is actually going to be the the the the heroes for Life show that we I mean um I mean do once a week with Heroes Heroes Heroes Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just like so you know about to go live live live live with him right now. And this is what you're going to I mean I I I I mean so be hearing. So if so if so if so if you you you you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back um you know know know know you know on it. So here we go. There he is now in in in in so we're going well uh okay to be able to get started in just a a a a few seconds invited them to okay okay like I not connecting and there is is is is what's up. Back again back again back again back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an like like like like so like embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month month month month. So yeah, March Madness so so well nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not not not not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look similar Tayo with like you know okay PLC. So So So So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous Lisa is on like so so so so you know a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate corporate corporate corporate Channel 1993. I okay I okay I okay I okay um I mean Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian Brian Brian Brian McDonough you know like um. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that that that that in the United well you know okay States the death toll has climbed to 9 in in in in addition. We know that those so okay well cases are based in Washington state state state state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred so like uh. The The The The number the number the number the number of infections in the United States States States States overall have climbed past a hundred well well like. They're scattered across 15. It's It's It's It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As you know well so I mentioned that that that that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one like so I mean the the the the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County County County County um well like resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive positive positive positive but is in you know I mean you know isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast podcast podcast podcast. Yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like I mean so. Yeah. Yeah the yeah yeah yeah yeah the yeah the yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things things things things. You know, uh okay so no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we we we we go. Talk about some things okay um you know today we go get into into into into it. And basically we go talk about the system the uh I mean you you you you know system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why that's why why why why that's why that's why you have a um um I mean Mac bitter truth to break break break break it down and I'm going to get into it because like you know know know know so a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You You You You don't break I mean I mean I mean. Don't die dog. You don't get get get get into certain things, but I get into what I you know okay um know about about about about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff well you know know know know like that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy uh uh I mean mean mean mean talk club with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is is is is okay okay so actually talk about but let's just say what he contributed contributed contributed contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he so so you know came up with that. He came up up up up with a word awkward in our acronyms uh so like. So very proud of that that that that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm uh okay well Akay, Akay, Akay, Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying studying studying studying um so so Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from from from from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, well so okay where did you serve serve serve serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 in 1964 in 1964 in 1964 a young Pan Am Am Am Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport so uh so with with with with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as as as as you know um uh he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash flash flash flash of his security badge. He was well uh so a well-known figure in the terminal terminal terminal terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He encountered he encountered he encountered he encountered encountered encountered encountered you know like I mean Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested requested requested requested a flight to Miami. This wasn't this wasn't this wasn't this wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't okay like um unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets like like like like well um to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look look look look at his like so okay PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly quickly quickly quickly assured aboard the next okay well so available flight Frank settled into the jump seat seat seat seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and and and and uh uh you know welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai Dubai Dubai Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to um okay you know the top in Doha and and and and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and you know like like like like so welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans fans fans fans with your you know well you know host Jolan Kim today on the show show show show. As always. We're going to be digesting the I mean um you know last last last last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a look uh I mean mean mean mean you know. Was been was been was been was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Aldo Aldo Aldo Aldo uh uh uh Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of of of of CJ of Texas in like well uh Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from from from from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually um like so down to me me me me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to like you know know know know uh pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught um like like like like so by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but um um um um you know like rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and and and and respect just to so uh um name a few join me each week as I dive dive dive dive into these topics and so like I mean much more now stay tuned for the the the the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs needs needs needs I mean you know you know Beauty. It's not just lipstick its its its its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations you know um you know with with with with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal our goal our goal our goal is to empower empower empower empower motivate and inspire um you know so you to take your business to the the the the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I like okay I mean am super super super super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing so well well well well like Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada Canada Canada Canada and she uh you know so works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty campaign to commercials and I mean okay uh etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Red Red Red Carpet Events and all of those things so um so. She's a full-time makeup makeup makeup makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what well uh so it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope Hope Hope Hope you okay um uh guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far far far far now before this episode okay I mean uh starts. I just want to to to to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast you know you know know know know so is called catch open me at the time that I started this you you you you know um like podcast. I thought I thought I thought I thought you know, know, know, know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking just talking just talking just talking so so so so so okay about random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good good good good title. But so like well then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've I've I've I've noticed something I started I mean okay like to figure out what the theme of of of of this podcast should be. So if you know I mean uh uh notice notice notice notice a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is about uh uh uh uh like um mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or or or or as a okay um I mean young adult. So with that said the the the the new title of the podcast will so like you know be basically growing up. I finally finally finally finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should okay okay um be be be be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the okay okay okay okay okay you know podcast and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the the the the I mean like um upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone tone tone tone and I'm you know you know I mean your boy Brett and the the the the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So okay like uh we've got got got got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then and then and then and and and and then we're going you know uh I mean to get into our AL East East East East and at least predictions and stats and all that well like okay stuff. So the the the the so the so the so the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are you are you are you are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel like um like. Let me lay him down. So he's he's he's he's I'm staring at him. He's there he's there he's there he's there on the floor floor floor floor well uh uh and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to to to to let like I mean like me do this because he doesn't usually we'll see see see see but in this uh I mean uh episode I am going to talk about why why why why we decided to buy an old house some I mean okay you know of the the the the questions that I get about buying an old house and some well okay I mean mean mean mean of the safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing purchasing purchasing purchasing so like well an old house and then make sure to stay all all all all the way to the end I mean like you know because I just started started started started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it like like so so so so where I answer a random question from Instagram. My name my name my name my my my my name is Lisa mom um so okay of six and creator of the blog blog blog blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join like um uh me as I share share share share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And And And And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of like I mean um today's today's today's today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This is something something something something you know uh I mean that I think pretty much every man struggles with because because because because the reality is you're not going uh well um to stay positive all the the the the time. You're not you're not you're not you're not always going to feel like things things things things uh like well are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going going going going to feel like so um well you're doing the right thing someday is going going going going to be really great and you're going okay so uh to be full of passion and and and and feel inspired. And other days it's going to feel so um well hopeless and and and and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, okay I mean mean mean mean uh especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life telling telling telling telling you so like uh what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that that that that business you want to build uh so I mean or that career you want to to to to have is just unrealistic for you. So I've like I mean I mean got an an an an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This This This This you know like well is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 4 4 4 and like we I mean like I mean have described in the last couple of of of of episodes. We have a very high bar on you know so um the show show show show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest well uh uh uh uh well month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it it it it is um you know okay the goal of this show to give the college basketball basketball basketball basketball fan the best coverage that he or you know I mean I mean mean mean mean she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea um okay well well well well of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that uh you you you you know so we have had in our great country. History President history President history history history history President history President Kennedy being sworn into office some of well you know um the the the the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought brought brought brought so I mean so me on the ride over to the studio today to some some some some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't I don't I don't I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar huizar huizar huizar. She's the she's the she's the she's the wife to a motto well uh okay and mother mother mother mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known as her her her her I mean uh like a team and I wonder with all those a names do do do do you get them all mixed well okay um up? She has she has she she she she has she has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She is a certified you you you you know I mean okay paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with with with with Friends shopping making fun um okay okay memories with her family currently, she and her her her her husband served as executive pastors for like like uh South Bay Pentecostal Church in San San San San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is so um you know being a mother to to to to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am I am I am I am not not not not dead. This is Bryson and I'm here with I mean I mean um Alonzo my first first first first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you dealing with so so so so okay you know all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just just just just chilling in your room or I mean uh okay you really sad about it or what's what's what's what's going on? Your first love is always uh okay um like you never forget your your your your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium medium medium medium and like okay um together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full full full full of tough choices in I mean uh I mean it. Oh and there's one more more more more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, but okay okay like I don't don't don't don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what I I I I I mean well uh want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can can can can I you know so uh have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are are are are we are we are we are well well like friends from way back speaking Our Our Our Our Truth. We are so glad you are here like um uh with us today, today, today, today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming so I I I I mean uh from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast yes Coast-to-Coast normally normally normally normally we are together today and feeling so uh I mean so excited to share share share share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true well I I I I mean I mean too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking speaking speaking speaking are um you know so true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going going going going to talk about okay you know like our story for a minute. Yeah, so we we we we were thinking I don't care. How do I mean uh uh we express this? How How How How do we what do we think of what we title this? like uh you you you you know And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is this is this is this is why Shaggy are are are are first of all, I would like to uh so okay encourage all of you to to to to download the free anchor app or go to well um you know Anchor Todd Todd Todd Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy I mean mean mean mean you know uh guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy easy easy easy. If I had only like uh well known it like five ten years before early early early early because all I need to do you know um I mean is download the anchor anchor anchor anchor. I have record my voice in it and just well like so click post and and and and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it uh you you you you know I mean in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are are are are available and I do well um you know not need to do anything anything anything anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You um um well also need need need need to make use of it. If you have a message if you well so well have some some some some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the well you you you you know I mean world or simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara mascara mascara mascara namaskaram everyone um um uh. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to buy shoes shoes shoes shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle okay you you you you know uh more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really I really I I I I really I really hope you enjoy I mean okay I mean this one. If If If If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it you know I mean well well well well on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's okay okay okay okay okay I mean Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on on on on iTunes, I like okay uh would love you to leave a review and I can't can't can't can't wait to see so I mean uh what you think of it. Welcome to episode episode episode episode 7 of Taproom tails with you know you know well Towers. This one is is is is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect well okay you know those of the company and its management for their more more more more the views and opinions uh I mean so of the guests and the colors colors colors colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the like I mean so regular program the the the the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a well well so landline landline landline landline and strict on but no by at go by in a module okay okay well on on on on barring my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what okay you you you you know like keeps Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt Levitt Levitt Levitt. I've been running um okay um for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting meeting meeting meeting many incredible Runners on okay like like my travels all across the country. This podcast podcast podcast podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations okay I mean um. Welcome back. I I I I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much I mean I I I I mean uh for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So So So So let's like you know you know start with let's start with an intro intro intro intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete like well uh and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What uh uh uh uh what uh what uh what uh so I mean you know, you can't explain explain explain explain. But you feel it. You felt you felt you felt you felt it your your your your like you know um entire life. That there's something wrong with this world. You You You You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a like a like a like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are we are we are we are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Odell Odell Odell Ranch and we have our um well like manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best like I mean okay okay okay okay friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want you you you you know um I mean to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to to to to this major event okay well okay coming up in April April April. Sorry wait wait wait wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel you know you know um 5K fundraise by by by by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend okay I mean mean mean mean like. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe 20 20 20 20 you know I mean well along with D4. And today we brought in in in in a special guest from uh well you know way back in the day. So So So So stay tuned with us and find out okay um like who it is. All right right right right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart like you know you you you you know attack. So what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's what's what's what's up? like you like you like you like you know okay Afraid yeah, long time time time time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? you know I mean like like like like It has been a hot minute like nine years. I know I know know know know I know I know it's crazy. Like I like I like I like I I I I um uh uh get to check up on you every once in a a a a while go into stream. Yeah, like like I mean we talked randomly and stuff like like like like that. So not as much I guess for you um um like and and and and I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah so well I mean mean mean mean. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm you you you you know uh okay always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed amazed amazed amazed with your hosting skills um I mean like. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you you you you. I was I was I was I was tuning you out. I've like like like like I mean uh already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome welcome welcome welcome. We have we have we have we have a lot of okay I mean you you you you know stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same same same same teams play well I mean uh for the last five weeks, but we got hero hero hero hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both okay uh so of you on the ends. The fuck fuck fuck fuck do I was listening back to the companion stream um so like and you you you you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So so so so so so so so so so so I mean like now you're actually targeting me during during during during the podcast when I saw you live like so uh say I did not that that that that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig so like you know know know know into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring hiring hiring hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring well like well happy with my selections selections selections selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of to you know you know you you you you know like, I woke up this morning. I thought I thought I thought I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting visiting visiting visiting together on okay uh so this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you you you you really are the creator of like I mean I mean your own reality and it would would would would be fair to say to you blessed beans that you know like okay you are you you you you are in the process of creating most of you two realities um I mean mean mean mean so contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater greater greater greater Source. In so I mean so other words. You are creating the reality of who who who who you are as the eternal. Well I mean like okay being that you are are are are and you are also in the process of creating the reality I mean mean mean mean so well of how you feel right now this red hot minute and and and and we want those well you know uh realities to merge and the only way that that that that those realities can merge is for you okay um so to come with us us us us in other words because we're not going with you you know uh so. We are are are are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your world um um um um um okay because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener listener listener listener discretion is advised this episode includes uh well so discussions of violence and suicidal suicidal suicidal suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme okay I mean so Caution Caution Caution Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was searching okay uh uh uh uh so through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party party party party when she well you know I mean heard her phone buzzed with the text message message message message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter so well okay asking what she was up to to to to Ellie didn't know the other girl very uh you know like well. They had just just just just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few so okay so weeks earlier, they'd they'd they'd they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she like um like like like like replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a well so I mean mean mean mean party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the you you you you know okay okay Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Union Union Union Yes reuniting well so um here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, it's been forever. It has well I mean um. Hi guys. So good to to to to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with you know I mean you you you you know blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions reunions reunions reunions. Ya betta is like well I mean that I don't know, but it did did did did. It did feel good to have the family I mean you know okay all back back back back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually like um um um um okay talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast is based on the events that have occurred occurred occurred occurred in the well uh I mean past and is intended to communicate such events to to to to the public in a dramatic so so um manner any reference to artificial or or or or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual you know you know well in nature nature nature nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all like like like like like like reporting is based on the sequence of events reported to the public and does does does does well I mean so not constitute an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist artist artist artist producer or any um I mean okay of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites bites bites bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is I mean I mean you you you you know advised. Hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its you know um uh heroines week and every every every every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start brushing I mean uh um um um um on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the so so so so uh okay chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about about about about heroic well you know like women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero hero hero hero who may have you know like like helped save America. We don't know know know know exactly what happened. But this is the story that um I mean so people have have have have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was um well well well well I mean called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford Ford Ford Ford copilot uh you know uh 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's It's It's It's built to help you um so like outsmart some of the obstacles you'll you'll you'll you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart they're smart they're smart they're smart and then so okay okay okay okay uh there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through through through through the Streets uh so well of London 1 August day in 1802 though the the the the wind blustered in the shingles like I mean I mean rattled outside. It was was was was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a so um uh small dingy dingy dingy dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was you know know know know um so locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as as as as she felt an evil okay you know so presence enter the room. She'd She'd She'd She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of of of of I mean okay so life through the lens of the good the true and the the the the Beautiful. I'm your host I mean well you know Dustin Kensrue and and and and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and Divergent well okay okay okay okay I mean backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique unique unique unique perspectives. And uh I mean okay there is no possibility of certainty you can can can can have a yes they did um like uh to do to live and to act act act act but certainty the things most of us believe well uh like 40 years ago. However certain certain certain certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain about you know I I I I mean I mean exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you you you you um okay you know from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What What What What up, girl? What you doing? so you know you know Oh watching some TV. What about about about about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs like uh I mean. I know I I I I know I know I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to to to to uh um um listen to two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys guys guys guys thinking for just like well well kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but but but but definitely not accept it is what it I mean well uh is. Why or how how how how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on well you know so so so so some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has has has has been like uh so divided into two parts. This is part 2 in in in in which we talk about um I mean okay Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in in in in a cup of tea and which Tim not only okay well like claims. The Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions okay well so so so so. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be be be be long uh okay I mean and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there there there there to be found whether you know um okay it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal Paranormal Paranormal Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's like let's like let's like let's like uh uh uh uh like go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the okay okay okay okay I mean um Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going we're going we're going going going going we're going to be talking about that next. But uh um like before we do do do do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube so so so so I mean I mean channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson Johnson Johnson Johnson when you find it hit the so well okay Subscribe button. There's no no no no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is today is today is today is Monday, March 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This well this well this well this this this this well like you know is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much much much much for joining me on like well I mean the call. Whenever you find time time time time that we can come together and pray uh well okay this one on this this this this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going like so so so so I mean to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out out out out of it I'm so you know I mean staying at home today, which which which which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay I mean so so home home home home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but you know so so so so um I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before okay okay okay okay well um I went back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you you you you on this morning and for your week. Let us let us let us let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate of you know well you know Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, documentaries, documentaries, documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have well okay like tried to stitch together together together together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy um you know um um um um these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every every every every Wednesday uh so uh. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial controversial controversial controversial events and possible cover-ups follow well you know uh conspiracy theories free on Spotify or or or or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds like uh okay flash past a a a a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul fariq Abdul Abdul Abdul Abdul fariq Abdul fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute I mean mean mean mean like you know Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be be be be her so um so tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here here here here. Hello and welcome well okay well my hoodie. And how and how and how how how how and how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea like I mean mean mean mean like Ki baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about about about about basically making self. So skilled uh um so kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can can can can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are are are are there well like okay to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or or or or the Paranormal you're in the okay like I mean right place. Let's go go go go let's go let's go let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so like well really excited to have Kelly coffee with with with with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic okay well uh. She believes believes believes believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if um I mean I mean they're they're they're they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity Humanity Humanity Humanity. Let um let um let um let um uh I mean go of whatever whatever whatever whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to well well well well so you know be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you you you you for having me um so um back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you you you you might be getting over something you um okay um doing? Okay. Yeah. I live live live live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top you know um well of of of of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and deed and deed and deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out out out out if you want uh okay you know to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks weeks weeks weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt uh um like with seen in Auburn filming something something something something with a production crew Link in the description um um so and I I I I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going so so so so uh so to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley Crawley Crawley Crawley was announced well I mean so as next season's leading woman. So let so let let let let so let so let me get this straight. Maddie was filming so uh uh uh uh uh something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be so so so so uh so the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie Maddie Maddie Maddie would have been filming um well well this is unconfirmed. But as of right right right right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have you know I mean like like like like other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below below below below. That's like well like all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily Daily Daily Daily. But if you're new uh so okay to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive dive dive dive on her earlier today like you know um. So check that out on this channel and and and and make sure you check out our Bachelor um well so after show live tonight at at at at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready uh uh uh uh you know you know for the word of God and it is my honor honor honor honor to introduce our next um uh I mean speaker sister Ginger labash who's who's who's who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle uh um uh and Ashland Ashland Ashland Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban you you you you know uh like Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee committee committee committee. She serves like well um on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks speaks speaks speaks she speaks she speaks she speaks internationally for ladies conferences so um okay and events events events events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a a a a CO chair person uh um so of the Irish primary physical education Association, Association, Association, Association, and on this podcast, we've had some prior episodes so I mean um about different different different different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's I mean I I I I mean so episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We We We We also talked to uh you know I mean Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and and and and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian well uh um physical education education education education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our podcast well well well well uh so seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world world world world. So we're I mean uh um going to keep finding people who know them them them them well to explain them on the pad podcast like so um. So here we we we we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons Dungeons Dungeons Dungeons and Dragons um uh uh. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This This This This week this week this week this week is a like uh I mean lie - - - - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about okay okay okay okay you know I mean creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then then then then we're not answering lesser I mean uh well questions again because we don't have have have have any because we've been selected for any of them so um uh. So send those into into into into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before uh you know uh uh uh uh all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we started um um um um so uh playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been been been been there. Yeah like I mean um. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to to to to play. I played I played I played I played a I mean I mean well well well well lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not no, not no, not no, no, no, no, not much D&D. I I mean um I mean mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me you know um um explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know I mean uh phone phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so so so so it can be heard you know okay okay on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many more you can make money from your podcast um like I mean with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place uh uh well well well well. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred on FM to get started um um um um like um. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the wish well podcast a a a a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast I mean I mean uh uh uh uh hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional additional additional additional Fellowship um like like training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape escape escape escape like okay like with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies Technologies Technologies Technologies. It's built okay like like to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll you'll you'll you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart they're smart they're smart they're smart uh uh uh uh um uh and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, March well uh I mean 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Kim Kim Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in uh like you know Santa Rosa. California California California California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One uh um okay okay okay okay night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now now now now known well like um as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on so so so so so so my Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and so so so so like you know also Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a a a a cebit like well well my house. I'm pouring and now I always try to put put put put together something as okay so I mean I mentioned the other day. I'd only time time time time I ever write anything down is Is okay uh um there something going going going going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim okay so um believe believe believe believe it or not? Because they always write a five or six or seven uh uh uh uh so um page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important important important important you drink, okay I mean you know you know know, you know, you can't remember remember remember remember what you're saying. So I so I so I so I have a I mean mean mean mean okay you know text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and and and and my son from you know uh well Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, this is STS podcast and and and and we're here to talk about a little bit so I mean uh of how how how how we started with here on anchor and one of the best uh okay so so so so things about anchor it's free. This is this is this is this is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a lot um I mean um of of of of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your um you know okay phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download download download download so download so download so download the free anchor you know you know know know know okay up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out out out out like okay um. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this this this this podcast okay uh I mean to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from from from from Small Beginnings will be sitting down um I mean like with people's to talk about about about about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean uh you know you know you have to be be be be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the Elevate main podcast to to to to learn more about Elevate visit our website like you know like at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope hope hope hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you like like you know how many many many many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can you know know know know I mean you know I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how how how how about my 19 to 27? Oh good um like um. You how you how how how how you how you how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above above above above so that you know well so everything is now since our topic is about about about about emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? you you you you know you know you know you know so like Okay, what's up guys? My My My My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already um okay um know who I I I I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it so you know I mean going? going going going Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention I mean mean mean mean uh so McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to to to to tank. It's all about the well I mean I mean only school we went to to to to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene okay uh uh for alumni weekend Don't ask ask ask ask either of us why we had really don't have any other well um okay excuse excuse excuse excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this I I I I mean uh you know episode. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going going going going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't okay so okay heard heard heard heard of Banker. It's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally the easiest way to make make make make a podcast because everything you know I mean um you need is in one place place place place. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running it's running it's running it's running on on on on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here today uh so um. I am am am am I am I am I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory polyamory polyamory polyamory and kind of like like I mean well dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm Corey. I I I I I I I I don't really know what what what what like so okay to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with a a a a Brielle. That's so that's so that's so that's so so you know how we we we we met and I study social work and I consider myself a polyamorous person like so okay okay okay okay or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what what what what you know uh like how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the the the the ability to love more so you know well than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if if if if so I mean well you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago ago ago ago. I reported that you know okay uh Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something something something something with a production crew Link in so well uh the description and I along along along along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie uh um uh was certainly going going going going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead I mean so um because because because because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let so let so let let let let so let me get this okay like you know straight. Maddie was filming something something something something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so um I mean um she has has has has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason you you you you know well well Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right right right right now I see well um um no other explanation unless y'all have other theories theories theories theories. Let me know your thoughts down I mean um um in the comments below below below below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But I but I I I I but I but I mean like uh if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just just just just did a deep dive on her earlier uh so I mean today. So check that that that that out on this channel and make sure you check uh so well out our our our our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just like like like like like so like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music music music music is a real I mean so well real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have I have I have I have never met a like so so so so you know lot of the three babies we have he is the one he he he he is the I mean um okay one that loves music so much he will walk walk walk walk by the what is that and like okay okay home pod? And he and he and and and and he and he will point to it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch it so like like like like like. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved he loved he he he he loved he loved music so much I mean like okay to the point where where where where if he can't touch it like he will start screaming until I mean well um he he he he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was was was was kind of uh I mean well in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going going going going to how we're going to I mean I mean so record this podcast like what's going going going going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you I mean you know like a little little little little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye eye eye eye open. Sweet so I mean uh cool. Got it. Oh for those who who who who are listening we are once again calling in so uh so because we we we we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we I mean I mean mean mean mean okay have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other other other other okay okay well. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on on on on big gamble according to Valentino I mean I mean okay male. Hello. We're here here here here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of you know uh uh uh uh um ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and and and and I not okay so um soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play play play play soccer so you can like uh well play soccer baseball and hockey I I I I play soccer. Do you want some sausage um uh so want me to start off? off off off All right. All right. So I'll I'll go um well um in chronological order order order order. So my so my so my so my first injury from way back when I was was was was in eighth grade. It's uh you know okay written soccer and this this this this one. This wife this wife this wife this wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm Beth Beth Beth Beth so well so Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you you you you could just you know so um keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair chair chair chair in your heart come chat um okay okay with us about Jesus prayer prayer prayer prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi uh uh like Beth. So So So So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about I I I I mean I mean uh it since last week when we recorded together. That's right right right right Jenna. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited like uh um to introduce introduce introduce introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's um um um um well well a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me me me me. I'm just so so okay thrilled to see you again because we were together together together together and Ireland sisters. She just raving I mean like so about you. I I I I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really um so um um um um did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading spreading spreading spreading faster than the like so you know coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that that that that LeBron James and Anthony Davis are spreading okay I mean so all throughout the the the the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me let let let let me let me let me know so you know uh if it and I are not not not not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that okay okay okay in the the the the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with um um um um like well your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people people people people wanting to discover more well you know um about spirituality where we can get weird weird weird weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New like like uh Age stuff Awakening Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even and even and even and even dating some some some some of the shows well okay uh will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences experiences experiences experiences and new discoveries. In you know you know you know other shows will have have have have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I I mean okay okay hope you'll you'll you'll you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about okay I mean mean mean mean okay what spirituality in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive intuitive intuitive intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a it's a it's a it's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if if if if you don't have customers you don't uh like I mean have a business but with with with with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If I mean um I mean you you you you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop shop shop shop okay well well. Here's what to do. If you're if you're if you're if you're not not not not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize okay so uh your listing make your offer offer offer offer more appealing and to get back in search results so you know I mean mean mean mean ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking taking taking taking you from the you know so uh red into the black with your your your your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb okay okay you know automated and let's let's let's let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome I mean uh well back back back back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings uh you know know know know okay and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level level level level of commitment okay okay like or permanence. Some of these are going to be super super super super simple to implement. They're I mean um so just going to be a couple of small small small small changes. Some of some of some of some of them will require some okay okay okay okay okay I mean deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this this this this will okay okay okay really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this okay um um um um um episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some uh you you you you know so people may find offensive. We advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old I mean um so Lisa Connolly was irritated. She She She She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to okay you know so so so so this cramped office. The whole the whole the whole the whole thing was a a a a major drag Lisa complained okay okay okay to the lawyer guy Jeff. What What What What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened well uh well in response. He He He He said he said he said he said Lisa you're involved in a murder murder murder murder. Lisa rolled her um okay well eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client client client client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not not just what we well so you know get to Define. Its how God calls calls calls calls us to himself. He is the more uh well so to do a low low low low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know what you're like like I I I I mean talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more more more more that well I mean I mean makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 1 1 1 of 2 of a you know so I mean special extended edition episode episode episode episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at my so uh okay name name name name is Curtis. Kedi. The my the my the my the my name is Father Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew Strobel. This is not like like I mean a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is this is this is this is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to to to to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the you know uh you know name of the father and and and and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called a mind all so okay okay okay okay I mean those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by which we we we we desire the I mean so um kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness happiness happiness happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises I mean I mean um and relying relying relying relying not on our own strength, but on the help of the grace of I I I I mean like like the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for Holiness we we we we strive to become a saint um like so as something which is possible but not not not not yet guaranteed. And there and there and there and there are three conditions needed needed needed needed uh well like for the virtue of Hope first and active pursuit of God God God God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't so um you know heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make make make make a podcast. So let so let so let so let me go okay I mean mean mean mean I mean ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free free free free to like like you know do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit your podcast um you know okay right from your phone or computer. So it's really really really really really easy to do. Do anchor do anchor do anchor do anchor like um so so so so will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts. And like okay like so many more you can also make money from your your your your podcast with no I mean you know I mean minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this this this this you know okay um is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining joining joining joining us today. I I mean like uh prayed this word increases your faith and inspires inspires inspires inspires you to go closer in your relationship uh you know um with God through through through through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go like like like like um so with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it it it it uh you know you know here. Is it possible for you to to to to give me the scripture? I just I just I just I just I mean um um um um uh quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series I I I I mean you know so next time next Sunday. I want to I want to to to to do this. I got I got I got I got to um well um um um um teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio audio audio audio experience well I mean so. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today today today today and which I I mean um like really really loved doing a training doing doing doing doing a live doing a podcast on the first of um I mean you you you you know the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you you you you are like so like here. There are so many people that didn't see out last last last last month and you've okay you know um got to be grateful that you are here here here here you are present you are able to I mean well uh make some changes changes changes changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can you know know know know you know um make a difference and I want you to see that as as as as something Really really really um like so serious and really something to be so grateful grateful grateful grateful for because sometimes we just take okay um uh things for granted. We stumble stumble stumble stumble we stumble we stumble we stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to to to to find uh well well out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here here here here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good uh you know okay. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're we're we're we're in a new setting which you'll Be um uh I mean announcing shortly. We will be be be be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We like we like we we we we like we like like okay have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are are are are you both? Yeah for okay uh uh the good week. We've been busy lots lots lots lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and you know I mean like say, you know already already already already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Charles Charles Charles Manson um I mean okay and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended ended ended ended in Bloodshed. The summer uh okay uh of 69 is now forever synonymous with the the the the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge well I mean um a Our cast original original original original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true well uh so crime crime crime crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like so so so so okay so the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John John John John Gotti who like you know so gunned their way to the top and serial serial serial serial killers like Ted Bundy who you know I mean you know craved notoriety this week week week week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast podcast podcast podcast well I mean well. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one one one one of the things I mean I mean uh that I wanted to do when I I I I started this podcast is explore topics that like you know like I am interested in in in in and I want to learn more about and one of those uh well so so so so things is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do how do do do do how do how do you you know so well get the necessary licensing here in in in in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the uh like so things that that that that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting well well well well you know uh their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of of of of creative nine seven one like you know so agency created nine seven one one one one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert well I mean I mean digital digital digital digital agency here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands brands brands brands like okay um in the Middle East some of which include the names of shallow shallow shallow shallow group to our I mean I mean I mean offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us us us us today. Have you have you have you have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will you you you you know so um learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured measured measured measured life with less like you know so cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome welcome welcome welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm um uh I mean your host host host host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby so uh you you you you know Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say say say say wisdom comes um um well with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? that that that I don't know who like um um said that I heard it in the the the the song one time. I think Bobby well well I mean Joe and I have been been been been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's okay like like like like like begin in the name of the father and the son and the the the the holy spirit well I mean so. Amen was called a mind all those we promise promise promise promise to pray for. I uh I uh I uh I uh okay okay think the the the the most exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already so you know okay okay okay okay had you and I in mind each with our own particular place in the uh uh uh uh you know uh grand plan of history that no other person can or or or or ever will take we well so well were designed for this role and only only only only we can fulfill it and if we don't no well I mean well one one one one will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike um um um um you know like. God saw a specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty specialty specialty specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird bird bird bird and we're here wanting to introduce well um uh to you the love below. This This This This is this is this is this is our new podcast. It's an idea that that that that we had so okay well talked about in the past and we're just wanting wanting wanting wanting to make it a reality now okay you know uh. Yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now now now now yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we are welcome to to to to your I mean so uh first episode of the love the law. So we kind of of of of just want to uh um like talk give you an Insight of you know, know, know, know, what made us start this podcast well well uh and how we know know know know each other and who we are individually and kind of like so I mean what we we we we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction to to to to us. Yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like so uh. We hope you guys guys guys guys liked getting to know us. I'm so without further Ado like okay well. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard colvard colvard colvard. Elmer old so so uh is back Venice episode and we have a a a a special guest one. I think you know I mean well you guys are going to to to to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the you know like so house Nick Nick Nick Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well you know know know know okay so really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for for for for the good good I mean um so good. Now you called me you have a little little little little bit of a um so I mean gripe about the results of the presidential draft draft draft draft. So we're just going to well um okay get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival uh uh uh uh I mean okay selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off off off off with grade 1 I mean okay I mean action in the marsh novices Chase. Give Give Give Give me some prices on now, we've currently like so um got itchy feet feet feet feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our well um so so so so home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr mr mr mr. Fisher so well so still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going going going going the article samcro okay okay you know. To one for he later won. But But But But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA he's RSA he's RSA he's RSA band band band band okay um like Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve reserve reserve reserve tank for teens melons 16 I mean I mean I mean and so on on on on so forth. I think I think I think I think it's not really a race race race race. I've looked into I mean okay um much myself personally as in going for for for for a horse to the back, but if I so uh like was going to to to to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this so this so this so this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the like like like like so um TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? difficulties difficulties difficulties So I uh you know you know apologize. I know we had so many many many many people hit us up saying where I mean okay like is the after show? So we we we we figured on the week off? We're not I mean like like actually having an episode. Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa. Come on, come on, come on, come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll We'll We'll We'll catch well well I mean up. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast well well well well I mean okay of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all well okay uh the the the the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how uh uh uh uh um okay to work anchor the app. It was it was it was it was was was was an accident. I thought I was just okay um well editing the video cuz cuz cuz cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can like like like like like okay which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the the the the past. We uh uh well Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours hours hours hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't can't can't can't I mean so so figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm let me give you you know uh well a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why well so like you never never never never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way so like like like like you know shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people people people people and popular I'm okay okay I mean not famous. I'm just your abs the the the the Disney movies would put it. I'm your well well I mean run-of-the-mill average high school school school school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out so you know um life. Yeah. This This This This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody well okay like like like like that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like they're like they're like they're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta gotta gotta gotta tell that like okay you know devil who you are today. I woke up and and and and I told the devil who I mean well well I am in Christ. I am am am am complete in him who is the head of like um so all principality principality principality principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the I mean mean mean mean I mean so law of sin and death. I am I am I I I I am I am far from oppression and the enemy like I mean um cannot cannot cannot cannot come near me. I am I am I am I am born of of of of God and the evil one cannot touch I mean so you know me. I Am Am Am Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right uh I mean like like like like standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God God God God you know well like that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in in in in me than he that like well um is in the world. I have received the power of of of of the Holy Spirit. I have put you know I mean okay up the old and and and and put on the new I have been given and it's okay so um um um um been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all all all all my I mean like I mean needs. According to his riches. I have I have have have have I have I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the the the the shorter so well I mean episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This This This This will not be uh well you know one of those. This is going to be a a a a nice long discussion because uh uh like we're going to look back at Lamar Lamar Lamar Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be so uh okay more than one one one one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all um I mean mean mean mean you know this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about about about about you? I'm good like um so. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask ask ask ask because he's going to make every I mean um like Lamar Jackson and compare it it it it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael okay I mean you know. How you you you you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me uh so so so so so on Nam im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is today is today is today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this this this this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius like I mean so. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began began began began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the like uh like trial the the the the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to like um you you you you know today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the the the the you know um uh 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against against against against the US were considered uh um well. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Edgar Edgar Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of the like like like century before we we we we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go let's go let's go let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This well well well well you know like podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I I I I do a okay so um few things. I read quick articles. I've written about about about about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors uh uh you know of books. I enjoy and and and and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering okay um well your questions. If you you you you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page I mean um okay on on on on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a a a a review uh um uh. I promise I promise I promise I promise to to to to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please so so well well well well ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit visit visit visit me I mean like like at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks sticks sticks sticks by Janet Choi okay so like for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit habit habit habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod Tod Tod Tod. Maffin I mean um like from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be be be be much lower than you so so um think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At At At At least. I think they have YouTube launches well I mean so a very new helpful helpful helpful helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and I mean so you you you you know putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster Minster Minster Minster I mean um I mean blam. Here's what you missed today in digital digital digital digital marketing. So you've done what a okay I mean uh good digital marketer does does does does and set up all your analytics your reporting and okay I mean okay your your your your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything everything everything everything uh okay um is within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more you know well you know events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast podcast podcast podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything um so well from Hardware to software software software software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that okay you know like you can can can can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This I this this this this I this I this I mean well you know episode is brought to you by by by by anchor when we decided to create a podcast uh um uh. We wanted to to to to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly well well well well I mean uh that they give you everything you need in one place for free free free free and you I mean like well can use it from your computer or your your your your phone. There are a okay okay so couple things we really like about anchor they they they they have some creation tools that allow um uh I mean you to record and edit edit edit edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll okay you know so so so so be heard everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on on on on your I mean I mean uh podcast with no minimum listenership. So if so if so so so so if so if you want to give it a try and well well okay okay okay okay make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children children children children. Listener discretion is you know I mean okay advised especially for listeners under 13 something something something something to note. The Story You're about to um so I mean hear is not a a a a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements I mean mean mean mean um like from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give give give give you the you know okay well most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke dawn broke dawn dawn dawn dawn broke dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped upon the uh um well smooth smooth smooth smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests dried himself his okay okay okay okay I mean um morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before before before before today's boring studies like okay like the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got I've got I've I've I've I've got I've got Andy on which um so like means we are answering answering answering answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you. How about okay okay well well well well yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much better better better better. But now uh so like it's really bad again might have been because I try to train train train train legs. Yeah, so you know you know that's knocks. That's not that's not that's not not not not that's not a smart idea. I mean are you I didn't even well uh uh uh uh uh do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one of of of of these like I mean I mean people who actually huzzah An excuse not to to to to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've well I've well I've well I've you know uh uh uh uh okay learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely I've definitely definitely definitely definitely I've definitely I've definitely not as soon as it um I mean uh feels feels feels feels better again. I will I will I will I will be doing the the the the same thing, but I am using okay so um this special injection into my my my my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going to you know well like improve improve improve improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good you know know know know like well start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally and normally and normally and normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody melody melody melody our I'm uh so well my name is Future and baying are are are are your host today? And we and we and we and we have a special um um um um um um guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's your your your your Vibe so um so right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's What's What's What's your Vibe? I'm just I'm you know like well just chilling dude. I'm just five five five five minutes. Just had just had just had just had a long day at work. Now Now Now Now. I'm um I'm um I'm um I'm um I mean well gonna now I'm just just just just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah um like I I I I mean. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop Pop Pop Pop star so uh you know. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls girls girls girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and I mean um like True Crime app are cast cast cast cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes um like okay. Listener discretion listener discretion discretion discretion discretion listener discretion listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're We're We're We're well well like covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 then 61 then 61 61 61 61 then 61 years old who was found guilty like okay um of initiating inappropriate sex sex sex sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back you know okay you know to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What What What What a what a what a what a time what a time what like okay okay okay okay okay a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and and and and okay um uh if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us us us us witches. Really do celebrate I mean like so the beginning of the new new new new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can well well well you believe winter winter winter winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just you know know know know okay like writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep deep deep deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I I I I am your host Jonathan Brown and um uh well today I have a special guest guest guest guest with me name is Josh character. He's the um uh uh president of the the the the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of South Carolina uh you you you you know like amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some of of of of well uh you know those other things too when shots were characters character character character character character my bad, I guess I mean um okay but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your um so well host Mike EA Ka Ka Ka Ka Mike. Daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I I I I want so uh so to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height height height height night plus in okay uh okay Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog blog blog blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling um um okay all operatives operatives operatives operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about about about about anchor you know so okay if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way to make a podcast. Let um okay um me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit uh like um your podcast right from your your your your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your I mean I mean um um um um podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and um um um um you know you know many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership so I mean uh. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one place. Download the free anchor up uh you know you know or go to Anchor FM FM FM FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of okay like okay the game chat chat chat chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of of of of okay you know so the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh McVeigh McVeigh McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome well okay I mean to today and true-crime a par par par par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's decision not you know know know know like well to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's Let's Let's Let's go back to uh okay uh the morning of March 8 1999 to the office office office office of Attorney Richard okay you know um Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution I mean I mean I mean is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 3 3 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest well uh I mean ranger Ed Pulaski and a a a a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on I mean so okay a ridge ridge ridge ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the well so like like like like sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines lines lines lines of uh uh you know an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires fires fires fires blazing along the northern uh well so reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He He He He and he and he and he and his comrades in the newly like okay okay okay okay I mean formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the the the the uh like I mean fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many but many but many many many many but many members of the service still well um well believe the situation was was was was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was okay um um yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect um um like those of the company and its management for their more the views views views views and okay um so opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of of of of the DJ's um you know so the regular program the management and the the the the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict uh like so on but but but but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, Salient so okay okay okay okay uh Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you are you are you are you sitting on the couch couch couch couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something you know well so to say but don't have have have have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So so okay so break that that that that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor okay well well well well well has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and and and and Publishing I mean well um. They do they do they do they do do do do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that uh uh like like like like lets you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are are are are um okay so you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus I I I I mean like like after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following following following following day he gets up I mean uh so and he goes to the mountain mountain mountain mountain to pray to be with God to be with um so so the father in in in in prayer. And when and when and when and when you had gone up to be with with with with the um you know like father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter Peter Peter Peter comes to him and okay okay like he says to him we've been been been been looking for you and Jesus says while I uh so uh needed to be be be be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They okay I mean mean mean mean um something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is um you you you you know so the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with with with with you know I mean like God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would we we we we would we would we would you know um I mean be talking about programmatic programmatic programmatic programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be well I mean uh uh uh uh your host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? advertising advertising advertising You well uh um might have heard this term. If not, if not, if not, not, not, not, if not, very likely that you will hear it soon uh uh like programmatic advertising advertising advertising advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes um um like like like like transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts okay okay okay okay okay okay in one technology platform. That's as that's as that's as that's as far far far far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years years years years I mean okay so American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial artificial artificial artificial intelligence American. Do you do you do you do you I mean okay well believe believe believe believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave okay okay okay okay um um bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going going going going on everybody like well well. Finally got finally got finally got finally got this freaking freaking freaking freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best um so you know know know know program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night night night night. We have we have we have we have um I mean okay some issues got got got got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know you know um okay ten ten ten ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is this is this is is is is this is your Checkmate um okay uh your Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's Let's Let's Let's gonna be more about everything um I mean well today. I suppose, I suppose, suppose, suppose, suppose, I suppose, I suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So So So So um so um so um so um well you know many times mentioned in all sorts sorts sorts sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you uh well well should after reading an an an an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust like well well well well uh the source? I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me me me me. So actually well okay um thinking not just critically about the things that you receive but but but but critically about everything to I mean uh so be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history so so so so I mean you know of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the the the the hustlers whore. Ah, okay like okay I mean give me a better song title than than than than that. That's poetic. It's from I mean um uh PJ Harvey on for 2000 album album album album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also um uh so a a a a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the orig orig orig orig the orig the orig the so well well 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, Myers, Myers, Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys well okay you know for joining joining joining joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone okay uh uh uh uh like Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are there are are are are there are there are times okay well like that I look over this list to to to to see what's coming up and I get excited because um okay you know I'm like, like, like, like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard I heard I heard I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a little boy models podcaster uh um um starting real soon. I mean your Colony gay gay gay gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo uh um so pants AKA garbage face AKA AKA AKA AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey well um okay balls balls balls balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if if if if well well so I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry about last okay like like week. Apparently the sound was a little off and and and and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to to to to another Sky Blues extra so like you know podcast with me David Moore and and and and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and I mean uh you know you Grizzly Grizzly Grizzly Grizzly. And of and of and of and of course Tom Ward evening gents even even even even dead mate even a Dave. Hey so so okay them very well. What an an an an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're We're We're We're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting okay okay uh down the top 31 Sports Sports Sports Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, uh um like one of the the the the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park you know um um. The excitement excitement excitement excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled okay like I mean mean mean mean with nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here okay okay okay okay like so every day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get your I mean uh well podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded like like like like like well and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack you you you you know so uh and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is this is this is this this this this is a podcast about the division uh uh you know two, its Community News News News News speculation and updates. I am I am I am I am Bond diesel diesel diesel diesel. I do division stuff so um so such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream stream stream stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel so uh uh and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of okay okay okay okay um you know the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent accent accent accent mark over I mean like um the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know know know know the meaning of I mean well uh this word. Even if you haven't heard it it it it before that's because it sounds like and is um so uh related to a handful of of of of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and you know um you know have it it it it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in in in in well uh like the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is is is is often used for someone well you know I mean who frequently visits places of recreation recreation recreation recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used okay like so bookstores. Are you you you you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope we hope we hope we hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are are are are discussing communism in like so well the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin Colin Colin Colin tie. I'm excited to get um you know uh into this work. But first first first first of all, we'll go through and do our names uh uh uh and pronouns pronouns pronouns pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon uh so um is. My My My My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really uh you know know know know like liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where where where where they've got I mean I mean so the main employees like pointing at himself. It's It's It's It's really it's really camp and uh um like really cheesy and a lot of fun fun fun fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name my name my name my name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August I mean well well well well you know 16 2011 at a cabbie. They choose they choose they choose they choose and and and and everybody get up soon. And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm I mean mean mean mean like you know transgender. Skip at skip at skip at skip at a matter of a dock dock dock dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify I mean well um original peasants peasants peasants peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders uh um um um um you know by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back okay like like like like you know from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy boy boy boy Rider, but like uh I mean today's topic is going to be titled the the the the poison in your pocket. As so as so as so as so you know I I I I mean always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent prevent prevent prevent any so I mean uh condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal personal personal personal experiences. Please seek advice well like uh from your Healthcare professional. Before making before making making making making before making before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the the the the like I mean you know alpha babes podcast is about to go live in in in in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here you're here you're here you're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to to to to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of well like well tv top. Now, let now, let now, now, now, now, let now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to to to to the um like okay after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days days days days. I'm your host Alex Bowers um um uh and I would like to introduce you you you you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda you know I mean okay ants we There's There's There's There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a um um you know know know know question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're we're we're we're vibing providing um so okay has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've we've we've we've so we've so we've so we've heard a lot of people I mean so so so so I mean are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham like like like like so um with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're we're we're we're here today I mean so um on the 5th episode and we're really really really really excited to speak today and have this conversation so like you know and you you you you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation conversation conversation conversation uh well okay and to real you were talking a little bit with me me me me about your body you know so you know embodiment and I thought This has has has has been a really great topic for us to speak about well so um and and and and so my question for you just to get right into it because well like like like like well I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my my my my question for you like well okay is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here here here here like um so and let you know how much it came and I enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy using anchor for um you know okay our podcast. We love it for several several several several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two well like well. There are creation tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from you know okay I I I I mean your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So So So So okay okay like it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other other other other platforms number four you well so I mean can make money from from from from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need okay um okay to to to to make a podcast all in one place. So download so download so download so so so so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm yes yes yes yes V and we are bad and well I mean like Bollywood and I'm deep red red red red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a like like you know know know know crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all I I I I mean uh well gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen listen listen listen to well like uh our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good good good good. That's good. That's I mean uh like good. So we're here to talk about atrs atrs atrs atrs the movie but before we get into I mean so like Addresses when I I I I get this out of the way a quick plug or big so like well plug we are are are are now on the YouTubes. We're on we're on we're on we're on the YouTubes and and and and we want you to uh um I mean like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So So So So we so we put up the you know like so Kahuna per episode, which is one one one one of my personal favorites and we would like okay you know I mean to hear hear hear hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just I just I just I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and I mean mean mean mean I mean uh guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety because at uh okay so the end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid afraid afraid afraid well uh so of everything right. It just has to be full full trust trust trust trust full full uh like so surrender and know that you will be legio be guided to to to to exactly where you okay um okay are meant to be. Welcome to to to to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability disability disability disability become so well like so taboo? So I so I so I so I speak speak speak speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a I mean well um fitness fitness fitness fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she she she she so so um came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the the the the way that you know uh okay the World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents accidents accidents accidents or disabilities that were born with like like okay may do which might seem like like like like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically well like so the idea of ableism ableism ableism ableism and how the world is set up for people who are well I mean okay okay okay okay able-bodied as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very very very very specific okay um well way. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I I I I think it's a really interesting like okay you know conversation. I really I really I I I I really I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am I am I am I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a like like like like uh um comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name my name my name my my my my name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan like I mean like coffee coffee coffee coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts so I mean okay okay okay okay of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a um you know I mean mean mean mean lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is it is it is it is important for an organism to keep its its its its blood glucose levels within so like um a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration respiration respiration respiration releases The energy needed by um um I mean every living cell. If there there there there if there if there if there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce um like like like like like enough energy if blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact impact impact impact I mean well so on osmosis, which is the movement of water between cells cells cells cells by affecting concentration gradients you know so well as blood flows through the pancreas. The The The The body the body the body the body can detect if there is a okay you you you you know so high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is is is is too high um um like the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the the the the liver and muscle tissues um you know well detect the presence of insulin these convert convert convert convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen okay okay you know as a form form form form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later well well okay okay okay okay. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode well well well well you know I mean today. This is actually an interview that I did with with with with cave on Divani on his uh um so total Bitcoin show. So I so so so so I so I so I was a guest on his show and cave-ins like like like like um okay super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around around around around Bitcoin I mean like uh a lot of great people on a show really interesting interesting interesting interesting format and had a okay um I mean great conversation with them. So I I I I thought I'd share with you guys here as well well like well just just just just to note the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth I mean mean mean mean so well issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's it's it's it's not so you know well too disruptive. If you want to follow cave cave cave cave on his podcast is called the total so I mean like Bitcoin podcast podcast podcast podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th 4th 4th 4th okay well well of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady lady lady lady yes lady yes lady yes lady markets surged in uh well I mean the the the the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut cut cut cut the I mean I mean so bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would would would would be starting a new so like well round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA RBA RBA RBA Mets the market expectations and cut like you know so the cash rates by half half half half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the you know so uh uh uh uh right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump tweeted tweeted tweeted tweeted shortly after well um okay urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems seems seems seems they have the Federal Reserve Shakti like uh um Market this morning by cutting interest rates rates rates rates by 50 basis points. This is this is this is this is the first well well well well um so emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime um um um um you know so podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this this this this is the secret today um you know uh. We have the episode directed by Denny Denny Denny Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew I mean you know well Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg Eisenberg Eisenberg Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the I mean like uh uh uh uh mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or so so so so um uh comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper grumper grumper grumper Authority podcast me, but I so okay you know guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my um uh so personal experiences experiences experiences experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case um I mean mean mean mean I mean at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not not not not um you know okay reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and and and and curator of this podcast well well so listeners discretion is advised said these these these these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he like you know you know know know know Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back in to another episode episode episode episode of the hard foul. I'm your host you know so you know Pearson Fowler and and and and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to talk about um um um um like so South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South uh okay so Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and and and and they did and it wasn't the easiest um um so road to victory for for for for South. Carolina they got up big early and then they squandered you know I I I I mean you know almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime halftime halftime halftime and then by the second half things like you know you know kind of of of of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they like uh uh uh uh well only won by 12 and most of the time they were up by by by by like six okay uh like or something like that but it felt comfortable in South South South South Carolina did it without getting okay uh I mean a single spectacular performance but a lot lot lot lot of good performances from a lot of you know so so different areas and and and and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick aquick aquick aquick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions descriptions descriptions descriptions of adult subject okay you know you know matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma Trauma Trauma Trauma. It may not be suitable for everyone I mean um so discretion is advised advised advised advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about sex um like you know with an an an an adult. It's not it's not it's not it's not usually even in their experience unless unless unless unless it's happened like so uh to them. This is a public service announcement announcement announcement announcement from 1984. It was made by activists you know so so on on on on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA PSA PSA PSA um so well was one way they were doing it. It features social workers workers workers workers therapists doctors well okay uh popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent Adam Adam Adam Adam okay I mean okay Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC GDC GDC GDC like okay you know 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games games games games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets um well like by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on on on on Fortnight figures by games industry dot well well uh Biz and finally Roblox raises a a a a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen uh like uh Horowitz now valued at at at at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All I all I all I I I I all I mean well so right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going going going going to rush through this one, I mean okay okay right? I'm you I'm you I'm you you you you I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with well I I I I mean like updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to to to to give a shout out to well like okay my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie I'm I'm I'm I'm Natalie I'm Natalie I'm Natalie I mean okay so and I'm Jessica this week week week week. We are we are we are we are talking about what we I like to to to to call the well well so great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of of of of view and we're going to Duke I mean um you know it out. Mano Mano Mano Mano a mano this week. We will also of course do our okay okay so so so so wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're going with something something something something you know well well a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder Bolder Bolder Bolder just like exfoliation. I would like well um I mean to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Reserve Reserve Reserve Mountain blend. That is that is that is that is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year year year year uh like so old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her her her her um uh well family out of their Fortune. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original I mean well well today. We're covering the the the the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward well you know so Wakefield Wakefield Wakefield Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune uh uh uh uh okay like. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets Secrets Secrets Secrets of a salon owner. My um okay like name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors surveyors surveyors surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 so I mean okay salon, and we run run run run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a you know you know know know know okay first episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny funny funny funny stories that like like I mean focus of us have heard over the years years years years of working with salon owners and okay okay well every Tuesday. We are going going going going to bring to you all of the funny um okay okay stories you guys guys guys guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, please uh well like do email us us us us and we'll give you the email address at the end of the podcast like like like like um so. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I will I will I will I I I I will start with my first two so okay like because these are the these are are are are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here okay, here okay, here okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction Introduction Introduction Introduction to our new podcast called like uh well three days later, which if you know know know know us we are the days with three beautiful uh you know well boys and this this this this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them uh I mean um home home home home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and and and and so um like this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly mostly mostly mostly because Every I mean okay I mean day almost every day. I get I get get get get I get I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I well well well well you know well have a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you you you you care if I send them your um like uh way or I'll get some from from from from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My My My My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this segment I mean well I mean is all all all all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I like I like I like like like like I like uh uh do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology astrology astrology astrology. If you um um okay were born in a western country, you're probably more familiar familiar familiar familiar with Western astrology. And so and so and so and so like like like like um so if you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is is is is a wealth I mean uh well of information on the internet. And so if if if if You were to nakshatras a way so uh I mean to put it simply simply simply simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, ups, ups, ups, but I'm you know uh I mean joined by as always League to to to to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad okay so like boys of football football football football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All so all so so so so all so all so um I mean right. But this story comes comes comes comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori so well I mean mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's Legend manager manager manager manager. Yeah big-time manager in you know you know so the 80s probably also also also also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on um you know I mean or or or or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah yeah yeah yeah goal all-around I mean like okay good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's lifetime's lifetime's lifetime's Obsession and it's about like you know like celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show start like uh okay brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and and and and brush a little circles around I mean like okay each T3. It's heroines week week week week where every day we tell you the story of a so um um heroic woman woman woman woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers so okay you you you you know be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat sweat sweat sweat that grew up like okay you know in California and a family with Mexican Mexican Mexican Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a farm um well I mean helping to to to to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family their family their family their family didn't have much much much much money, but Dolores was I mean I mean okay a smart hard-working student. You grew grew grew grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing okay okay okay to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not not not not covet okay okay um thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor nor nor nor his cattle nor anything that you know uh okay is his These two two two two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in part. They like well well well well well also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to unchastity or or or or theft okay okay um because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they had had had had kept so um well all those when they had done or not done. The external external external external act. Therefore God therefore God therefore God therefore God okay um so has added these these these these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden you know know know know um like to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen Owen Owen Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie I'm Charlie I'm Charlie I'm Charlie and where the the the the I mean well so Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story story story story lamb to the you know um like slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing discussing discussing discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in so like okay the short story story story story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald I mean uh uh uh uh I mean Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most most most most famously I mean you know uh known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The The The The BFG and Matilda. He has I mean um like sold over 250 million copies copies copies copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the plot Expedition begins um I mean mean mean mean uh when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from from from from I mean uh like work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, Millhone, Millhone, Millhone, but he like um so seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say say say say that so you know I mean you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing amazing amazing amazing with the comments with the okay well um reviews with everything. Now. This This This This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I you know well uh wanted wanted wanted wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted um um um um like okay to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy grumpy grumpy grumpy girl. 1081 the two well okay okay guys that didn't do a good comment, but but but but I mean, hey they have their you know um so opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali Ali Ali Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys you guys you guys you guys have have have have been I mean like I mean amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September September September September 20-something of last year okay like so. So a good five months almost or or or or more than five months. I'm not well I mean I mean really sure but I I I I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing so uh um with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone. It's me like you know um Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to to to to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody and um I mean mean mean mean okay we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt dirt dirt dirt that I mean like so they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster monster monster monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks you know I mean uh want want want want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of musings with like like like like well uh mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might might might might have been well uh so responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother Brother Brother Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a you know well I mean bit silly talk sports sports sports sports. Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, silly talk sports here. And And And And we're back. Once again you know okay so. We're on myself and produce a Charla Charla Charla Charla here to steal you around another episode season 3 you know okay uh episode 4 4 4 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should you should you should you should have this knocked out jailbirds jailbirds jailbirds jailbirds. All right, all right, all right, all right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm uh I'm uh I'm I'm I'm I'm uh I'm uh okay um Rob Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't Don't Don't Don't stop don't stop don't stop don't stop just keep you know you know like like like like going. Hey want to give a shout out to all you listening to the the the the okay I mean um podcast. Thanks. We actually we actually we actually we actually actually actually actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started so so so this and we we we we were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves well I mean so for for for for Creative outlet and we've actually had a lot of people we don't you know uh um know know know know listen to it and people reach out to us and say they've I mean um uh uh uh uh really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the first time. So thanks for caring caring caring caring I mean like so if you want to send us an email where he he he he would love to hear anything. Guys, um okay uh if you have any thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us like well so something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to to to to like you know I mean tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the you know well um easiest way to make a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation like okay um tools that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like well uh uh uh uh computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard okay um um um um um on Spotify Apple. Podcast and podcast and podcast and podcast and many more you you you you can make money from your podcast with I mean um uh no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place like I mean mean mean mean uh. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get get get get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to okay uh I mean take a a a a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way like I mean um possible possible possible possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are like like well well well well actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as so so so so you know uh software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually actually actually actually paid money to host like uh uh the packet a podcast and have a distributed distributed distributed distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different well like you know software as as as as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need you know um um um um you know to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my my my my computer tablet so um you know or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives gives gives gives us the opportunity to make um uh okay money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious serious serious serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious you know you know so so so so about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty pretty pretty pretty interesting like well well topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters meters meters meters cheater uh um um cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants liar pants liar pants pants pants pants liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / uh you know like like like like higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast podcast podcast podcast guys you know so well. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? form form form I want to thank you. As okay like you know if you're listening on a a a a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This so so so so you know okay is episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 50 50 50 episode Milestone okay you know so and I'm just so so blessed to be here here here here to be an instrument of service well um um to all of you. We're instruments of of of of service to all of you and this is episode okay uh like 48 and and and and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects well I mean mean mean mean you know. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So So So So I can't wait okay uh um to get started. This is my business partner partner partner partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome well um so to episode 48 Alex signs, signs, signs, signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate um you know like entrepreneurship entrepreneurship entrepreneurship entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built um okay okay okay okay you know plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, been, been, been, you know more uh I mean well fortunate and blessed to be on on on on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, and welcome back to another another another another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want like uh like to thank thank thank thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope well I I I I mean I mean you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest easiest easiest easiest way to well so so make podcast. It's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally free free free free that's creation tools that allow you to record and uh I mean um edit your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you um you know you know. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google Google Google Google podcast and many more okay well uh you can also make money from your your your your podcast. It's everything you need to make you know you know well a successful podcast podcast podcast podcast download the free. God will god will god will god will go to Anchor FM FM FM FM to get started well so okay at every touch point of you doing business business business business with your customers give them 10 well so uh times the value that they they they they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five um um okay AM Club. I I I I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it um like I I I I mean over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the 12th episode of the mm mm mm mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your first well uh okay time listening, I'm Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the lead like okay so so so so portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going going going going to be you know uh so about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of of of of things that happened this I mean I mean uh week. So this is is is is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus okay like like like like okay and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Bob Bob Bob Iger. He's um I mean um out at Disney and we also have into its its its its seven billion dollar purchase of credit you know you know well card, but first the disclaimer the the the the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of limb okay well so Bush and do do do do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC uh well I I I I mean registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as I I I I mean well so well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and and and and employees of well you know you know amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They They They They said um so uh that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto Tonto Tonto Tonto quite nervous that people are like so I mean going to start running after him him him him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of so you know you know know know know us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We well well well well um like believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a a a a little well so so bit further than where we are that if we get get get get enough power we can um well well we can live this life that is is is is extraordinary. And and and and and and and and and so Way we we we we think I mean um you know about this as we kind of got if if if if I can give all of so you know uh myself and be disciplined enough in that that that that career or that's Portal that hobby so you know um all that way of of of of life. Then maybe then maybe then maybe then maybe I can get there and be be be be extraordinary. It's okay so well kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I I I I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based um I I I I mean you know on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the the the the Pentecostal Publishing House and uh uh I mean youth Ministries websites. It is is is is it is it is it is our desire at youth Ministries to see you you you you like okay um grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time time time time with him. Remember your daily uh okay okay devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your your your your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3 you know so okay. So all the the the the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept that you know know know know um you know night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and and and and Aaron and the whole uh okay I mean congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that that that that I mean uh so our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard heard heard heard about you know well like anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's so I mean uh free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your well like well phone or computer. I'm I'm I'm I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor like like I I I I mean Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard on so uh okay Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum I mean okay uh minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't can't can't can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast so like okay in one place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to okay okay okay okay um I mean get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We We We We have we have we have we have a treat I mean well well well well well for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good you you you you know you know okay old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent spent spent spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you are you are you are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration inspiration inspiration inspiration tips and advice stories well like um on the ups and downs we face face face face in our lives as parents some okay okay like humor and a little bit bit bit bit of fun then you may have just found what you're um uh uh looking for for for for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm like like like like okay like your host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as as as as your parenting partner uh you know well as a mom to three teenagers you can can can can bet. I've probably been there done that okay I mean okay and heard it it it it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand uh uh uh uh so okay. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you you you you uh like um find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find find find find a way you know I mean you know out of it. You cannot cannot cannot cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always uh you you you you know uh writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't do their taxes okay so you know and how they wish school and taught them to to to to do their taxes. And why didn't um you know I mean somebody teach them them them them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's well it's well well well well it's well it's well you know so called basic math in first grade or 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd grade. They taught you how to you know so you know add and subtract subtract subtract subtract numbers. That's how that's how that's how that's how you do taxes. You line you line line line line you line you line them up in a column like okay uh you add some together, together, together, together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught so like so so so so how to follow directions. There's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions at at at at the top of the paper. You well so well were supposed to read them. You You You You read those directions and you follow them. So you um like uh were taught that that that that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't you know like like like like I mean follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught taught taught taught that in school okay okay well. It just means that you can't do simple simple simple simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more wella more wella more wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some okay okay okay okay I mean uh listeners may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children children children children under 13. The you know I mean like small wooden frame of the Leeds Leeds Leeds Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and you know so you you you you know echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor like like like like uh you know with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived lived lived lived nearby whispered that well like uh she was a witch. She could barely feed the the the the 12 pairs of eyes that um I mean well watched on in horror from the the the the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for okay you know like another another another another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The you you you you know uh uh world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his his his his mother I mean okay well since I must mother has been been been been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last uh okay I mean weekend weekend weekend weekend. I went I went I went I went back home to dinner right right right right then. My mom my mom my mom my mom asked me a I mean mean mean mean so so son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so hahaha, so so so so hahaha, so hahaha, so I'm clearly a very okay so I mean bad son all this while while while while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast I mean like um bro. 31 episodes episodes episodes episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 um um um um uh uh a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like like like like the number for well I mean so all neighs now today. We have have have have a very special guest now. I know I know I know I know it's a a a a you know so like lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when when when when in this season okay okay um I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha ha ha ha. Well today well today well today well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready ready ready ready to well I mean I mean do another couple shifts with my my my my the Locum Java have and had a had you know okay like a thought want want want want to get out of my brain. Working on working on working on working on on on on some you know functioning on um um well fumes these days, but I wanted wanted wanted wanted to get this out there. Had someone message you know uh like me me me me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision decision decision decision. They I mean like I mean wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been been been been wanting to get into okay okay I mean RN school and they just got accepted accepted accepted accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are we are we are we we we we are doing episode 2 okay like I mean. First of first of first of first first first first of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do um okay um um um um that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from um um like Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney and I'm kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing writing writing writing. And yeah, hi. So well well well I'm Andre and with bedre, I am an an an an actor. And I and I and I and I would say I'm I'm I'm I'm um you know uh I would classify myself an artist because I imagine imagine imagine imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We uh well like are all about doing doing doing doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an well well well well I mean you know actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any any any any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast you you you you know you know uh video series. It's your it's your it's your it's your boy Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow like you you you you know you know. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World World World World. It has been it okay I mean you know seems like all cards in general have have have have gone up and a lot of the um so okay specific cars that I talked talked talked talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly so well uh uh uh uh. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's that's that's that's actually um so okay really interesting last week on the episode. I was I I I I was I was I was talking about how Luca don't you so like um just just just just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this I mean you know know know know you know was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 $450 $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your your your your host any okay I mean well pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking fucking fucking fucking pumped right now well like um dude, I'm so pumped right now now now now here with me. We have we have we have we have a we um um um um so you know have g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job job job job Mateo. Yeah, and okay I mean uh he got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then then then then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played played played played you know I mean so podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm I'm I'm I'm the referee for now I mean okay uh and until eternity now long. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a I'm a uh I mean you know Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist specialist specialist specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain you know uh uh who's at Aaron and wrote wrote wrote wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before before before before um okay uh we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment moment moment moment to thank our well okay you know sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about about about about any Kurds easiest way to make you know you know so a podcast. It's It's It's It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use like I mean okay it. There's There's There's There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from you know well well your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your your your your pockets for you know um I mean you can be heard. On Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast anything else and you can make money I mean like uh from your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a a a a uh like I mean podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app app app app or go I mean uh like to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I I I I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not not not not there yet. And we definitely just want like okay like to thank everybody for the support support support support and for showing us so much well I mean like love. It was really appreciated appreciated appreciated appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about you know I mean mean mean mean well today's topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why why why why you know okay well I asking like what in the world does not even even even even know like what is so you know okay my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's there's there's there's well, there's well, there's well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities so so so so so well and I feel like a lot of people kind of take take take take that in just so like um one way which is like how you look look look look compared to everybody else and like um so you know what you do compared compared compared compared to everybody. Those and those and those and those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and um um um um like so insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ Christ Christ Christ of like so so Latter-day Saints. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host host host host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with you know um um me this week. This This This This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom my mom my mom mom mom mom my mom like uh well uses to make this podcast. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty uh well um easy way to start podcasting. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is free to use and they have a creation you know I mean uh uh uh uh tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone um you know well or computer anger will also distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it can be you know you know like heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make you know like okay a a a a podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a okay okay okay okay um um Pratap FM to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going like like like like you know um through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation meditation meditation meditation is to you know I mean uh be laying down on your back with your your your your legs lengthened out arms at your sides like you know I mean. You can can can can you can you can you can also do this in a seated position position position position. If you are sitting you um uh I mean want to make sure that your your your your back is flat up against your chair or uh well like a wall if you have have have have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair uh okay so have have have have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So um I I I I mean uh once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, hands, hands, hands, I want you you know so you know to find your navel. So with your your your your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top top top top now like well you know let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to to to to our dare me after uh uh um show. Today. We're going to to to to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog like so you know of War War War War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so like like like like like so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host host host host Taylor grades and well like I mean I am joined by two amazing panelists panelists panelists panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's you know you know um up guys and and and and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in like like like that that that that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do like like like like like so the adding to my bathroom. You're glad you're glad you're glad you're glad glad glad glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A you know um um monkey in in in in the middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? um like um like like like like um like um like uh This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy um um um um um like chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I I I I am I am I am I am Laura um I mean well and today you you you you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat okay I mean okay okay okay okay is so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of of of of um I mean well the most loving and complimentary people I've ever met and and and and she's absolutely talented and a quick so well like learner. Her with anything anything anything anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura I mean well so knows knows knows knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved I I I I mean uh okay also lures the best because full disclosure. This is is is is the third time when you're uh well uh trying my section and this is gonna be be be be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know um like well like to keep it real real real real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew Andrew Andrew Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that like so you know real quick was just just just just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't okay like I mean like like like like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you um so so so so like always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean Sean Sean Sean so you know I mean and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they they they they go through we are excited um like I mean for today's episode. We've We've We've We've been we've been we've been we've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify clarify clarify clarify what so like you know it is. When we ask the other couples. We We We We interview what Their Love Languages So well uh like today, we're going to be talking talking talking talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why we okay well like think they're they're they're they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys uh okay so wouldn't mind mind mind mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that I mean well well well well uh really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well well well well. So you know uh I mean the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? I'm I'm I'm I'm um well okay good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's It's It's It's been it's been well uh well a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we we we we last recorded. Yeah, and we okay like um recorded this coming episode. This guests guests guests guests really really early. We did we did. This is um I mean uh actually hints hints hints hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after your so um so episode episode episode episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier this um um um um I mean like week. Yeah, when yeah, when yeah, when yeah, when he was here here here here because of the way that you know, this you know um so Gus could could could could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record I I I I mean so okay the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet part part part part without the like uh like guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way way way way it works. So usually uh I mean okay we recorded before the guest shows shows shows shows up this last step the set this guess we okay like um didn't have time to to to to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to talk to you you you you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting you know well um service and and and and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes so like like like like I mean to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcast. You okay well I mean name it? They've got a way to to to to distribute to it on top of that so like so. They have editing tools baked baked baked baked right into the website makes life so much simpler you know um you know back back back back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to well well well well like so know how to record it where to record it how to upload upload upload upload it pay for you know okay I mean the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free free free free and they will hook you up with advertisers okay like okay so that you can can can can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot um so um um um um. F m-- to get started. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to to to to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster well I mean um Studios Network support this and and and and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you I mean um well well well well could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear hear hear hear the um well um inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a uh uh uh uh well well short favor. If you're if you're if you're if you're interested in in in in either of the two books that I have written and well uh like I'm about about about about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books uh so so so so I mean there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and and and and you well so well can get on my mailing list to be be be be notified when each book is released you know like you know and how you can get get get get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's uh okay uh get rolling. What is is is is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious okay well you know truth? truth truth truth Welcome to episode. What is what is what is what is this episode 98 98 98 98 of the podcast if uh I mean um to left to get to a hundred. I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to arrange a special guest so uh you know to be on the the the the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but uh well um um um um I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks weeks weeks weeks. So like well like I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one one one one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is is is is fun um I mean I mean to speculate a podcast where we speculate speculate speculate speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's um uh well your host Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun to speculate. I'm uh like like like like um your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad Vlad Vlad Vlad okay so um. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for for for for the last episode well so okay. That's right. Yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because because because because yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been a a a a like you know uh while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we we we we recorded so many uh um so episodes in like a three-day time span span span span and we had a nice little break in between and well so well now now now now we have to catch up and record one like every week or schedule I mean mean mean mean um you know another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show show show show. I love this show uh I mean so. I want this show. I hope hope hope hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little okay uh you know bit bit bit bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope hope hope hope you know I mean um we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class class class class is in session you know I mean uh and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified Declassified Declassified Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode two dining I mean well okay Halls Drive-Ins and Dives Dives Dives Dives. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm here to give you the scoop on on on on Student you know okay um Life at Denison University. I have two new guests guests guests guests writing me this okay like uh week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on on on on and around the hill. Welcome guys I mean I mean okay. Hi. You You You You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here so you know like like like like at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just so just so just so just just just just an hour east of Campus. I'm on okay um okay the exec board for for for for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and well well like I am an an an an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm uh uh uh uh uh uh a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely so definitely so definitely so so so so definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my my my my so so uh friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were were were were Dolph today is Brock so um uh Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly nearly nearly nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard you know I mean well for me to to to to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey well you know know know know you know. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I I I I could so uh like have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do do do do this. Now before we go um like like any further. We must we must we we we we must we must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of our our our our virtual like so I mean CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the the the the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of okay you you you you know uh your personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special special special special individual who like um okay also is our next self-improvement sit down guest guest guest guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is so um well the founder of the the the the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity like I mean well is to to to to give people the resources and accountability. They need they need they need they need to live live live live with courage and like well okay honor. I'll get into more detail about because I I I I said it would in the interview, um uh uh but for now, let's let's let's let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are well well like like like like serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when when when when we mean you know like so them have a listen. So if you look at at at at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a you know um like statement telling someone you'll definitely do do do do something or something will certainly happen in the so okay like future you touched on on on on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't I don't I don't I I I I don't really get surprised. I like I like I like I like like like like like I mean guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that that that that I I mean um I mean had a surprise birthday party, but I I I I kind of got stiffed it out a little you know I mean uh bit the the the the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It It It It okay so like is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must must must must. Have felt here towards the um so like end of chapter 20 and the Book Book Book Book of John starting in verse 19 following it says um I mean um this and and and and the evening of that first day of the week when the disciples okay okay okay okay well um were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus came and stood okay um uh among them and said peace be with you you you you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom I I I I mean uh so of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my my my my name's Patrick Smith you know I mean okay to gives it home for the Belfast Belfast Belfast Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime so um okay but a little little little little bit of a better return to what we used to last number I mean mean mean mean uh like of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn turn turn turn well well so around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of like uh uh uh uh you know wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo Massimo Massimo Massimo pigliucci a professor of uh I mean I mean philosophy at the City College of of of of New York, and I will guide you through this I mean uh well well well well reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief chief chief chief you know uh okay got consists in applying to the conduct of life life life life and knowledge of the working of okay you know okay natural causes causes causes causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all all all all podcast. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going to you know know know know um I mean do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water water water water now water now water now water has the ability okay so like to carry information and and and and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to I mean um um um um like a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing healing healing healing ourselves you know um uh as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are are are are connected with his okay like you know water will also receive the healing. Now Now Now Now. I've been I've been I've been I've been guided to create this this this this meditation to help I mean like so people in China to increase their health health health health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week week week week uh okay so this week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know know know know you didn't watch the I mean so you know show, but I'm I'm very upset right right right right now. Okay, this okay, this okay, this okay, this has nothing to uh well you you you you know do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because because because because she I mean um okay just happened to walk in and the very very very very last episode. But anyways, I've been so so like watching Love is Blind within the the the the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give you know okay um a fuck. I'm I'm I'm I'm mad. Anyways, me anyways, me anyways, me anyways, me and my girlfriend had been been been been watching it for the past okay I mean okay two days. We were were were were we were we were we were up till like o'clock in the morning. I I I I love uh uh um Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two two two two of them. Hey, she just she uh well uh just spilled her drink her water everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and okay okay um Lauren. Although I do do do do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little well well well well well well he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but but but but he um um uh loves her very much. However today however today however today however however however however today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee well well well well like um with down today. I've got I've got I've got I've got the lovely lovely lovely lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the uh uh uh session of the copy copy copy copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the so um uh coffee first and and and and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and I mean like like like like okay where we are. So I've so I've so I've so I've taken here here here here. Thank you thank you thank you thank you for being brave enough on okay well well well well um a Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So um um um um so um so um so um so I mean we're in this little cafe actually actually actually actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly um so um um um um house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever ever ever ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out okay okay okay okay well I mean of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni alumni alumni alumni and inspirational professionals uh um um to hear about valuable advice different career paths and and and and discuss investing with our investment team like like well. Please note please note please note note note note please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided provided provided provided uh well I mean in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University University University University the you know well like degroote School of Business or our partners all career career career career and investment risk is undertaken you know like I mean by the individual and we we we we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to to to to well well okay you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's the easiest so well like way to make a podcast. Let me tell you you you you why first of all, it's you know I mean like because it's free. Also, there's there's there's there's also, there's also, there's also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you you you you to well okay um record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or your computer and anchor well uh like will distribute your podcast for you. So it could could could could be heard of Spotify like like like Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod pod pod pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can like you know I mean mean mean mean make money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you I I I I mean uh uh need to make a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor anchor anchor anchor download the anchor uh well uh app or check out anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- m-- they have all the information there for you well okay okay right there. So So So So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or um uh uh uh uh uh whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where where where where you uh I mean you know put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well Well Well Well I can add and then you like like well do the thing and then we get get get get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken okay um um um um okay Harry Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently currently currently currently 11. What's you what's you what's you what's you know so well your name name name name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book book book book well so so that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We We We We are reading okay okay you know chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct Correct Correct Correct name we discuss. Things that I mean well well I can't remember at at at at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's I mean you know know know know okay funny. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you you you you should drink cocktails because yeah hell well uh so yes make the strongest strongest strongest strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that I mean okay so. Yeah do do do do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric Eric Eric Eric um like okay. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode episode episode episode. We completed the um um I mean first half of the New York Times 36 36 36 36 questions to make you fall in so like okay love and Soon into it it it it. We realized that it was going to take a long uh I mean mean mean mean you know time. So we so we so we so we split it up up up up into two episodes and here we are back uh um uh for part 2. All All All All right. So check out that one first. We give we give we give we we we we give you know so um a little bit more context and I think what we've we've we've we've determined is that the questions uh um uh are getting more and more intense as as as as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and definitely and definitely and definitely and and and and we're well um I mean in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my my my my like so like goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty duty duty duty. I don't um okay um know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its its its its Barbara and yeah, it so um I mean sounds like bopper and yeah because they're they're they're they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the um well you know lyrics I don't don't don't don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is that um um um um so well yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a real real real real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few afew afew afew months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This This This This I mean so um is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical medical medical medical and you our I mean well um listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Pitch Pitch Pitch Island going from a phone um so so call to the pitch room room room room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a okay okay okay okay okay uh pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What uh uh uh uh you know I mean does it pitch sound like before any revenues even before the the the the product is built um um well in all the founder has is an an an an idea and a gut feeling that that idea you know so uh could turn into a a a a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like um um like when when when when all you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical well well well well so so napkin from gimlet. This is this is this is this is the the the the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet let's meet let's meet let's meet the investors investors investors investors and Maya I mean you know okay Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with with with with me like like so as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an an an an Alabama win and seems uh so I mean to duck out on me when when when when Alabama loses so glad to have you back here like um well Matt. How are are are are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to get a win win win win um you know okay so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good good good good. Yeah, I'm uh uh I mean glad to have you here too. It gets gets gets gets it gets it gets it gets lonely sometimes but especially after you know so I mean mean mean mean losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the the the the host of you know you know okay walked on a sec podcast. You can you you you you can you can you can follow him on Twitter at Blake level like you know know know know well and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by by by by night like you know well and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community community community community and does a great job well okay uh of covering SEC basketball and I mean without without without without further Ado. How are you doing so okay so boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about about about about getting the record after a win so like like. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin sin sin sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo yo so like okay yo, what's up guys? What's What's What's What's up? What's up? So this week has been very um so like interesting for me me me me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one can say so like like like like um towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like well well well well you know well Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be be be be able to kind well okay okay of marry that anger that I have inside inside inside inside with the positivity that I also have I mean um like inside. We all all all all go through that I guess so how deep it does uh I mean mean mean mean like the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like like like like yeah, like it's something that like I okay okay um sort of I I I I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I so I so I so I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be be be be your uh um uh host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink rethink rethink rethink refocus and to so like so renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate passionate passionate passionate. And the memory verse so well okay is taken from John 7 verse 37. And And And And it says on the last and okay so like greatest day of the the the the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone like uh uh who who who who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come you know so so so so okay to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for um um um um um um Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have have have have a puppy and he like uh well likes to get up really early. But today's today's today's today's a little bit different. I like I like I like I like so so so so you know keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is is is is going okay uh like to resonate with so many of you out there. I want want want want I want I want I want you to you know um okay listen. This one one one one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs mrs mrs mrs. Whitman, you're going like I mean I mean to know her pretty well well well well at the end of this half hour episode this half like so you know hour hour hour hour goes by fast. Now. I know I know I know I know this sounds like like like like a Shameless plug but like like uh it isn't please share the episode people people people people need to hear her story. They I mean well well need to hear about her resiliency. They They They They need to hear about how she weather's um uh you know so many different different different different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please uh like like like like okay let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you like like like like so so about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing missing missing missing out. Anchor okay like you know is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not Not Not Not only that it's free. There um uh uh are creation tools that will allow you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your like like okay phone or or or or your computer. And the and the and the and the best thing is Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for uh like so you. So you can be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more like like okay. It's It's It's It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so um like like like like so don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get okay um I mean started. Alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, let's let's let's let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? okay I mean so so so so Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is this is this this this this is this is episode number four and it's okay um okay so crazy to to to to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks you know like uh. I guess guess guess guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, uh okay okay okay okay like or at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the the the the music so you know um Joe. We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording recording recording recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do um so like the the the the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where okay um so in in in in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast podcast podcast podcast and um like um then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review we we we we review we review we review everything we have a guest today. We're going to um um um um uh so introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me let me let me let me you know well well explain it's it's it's it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so so so so so so right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can like like so be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and many more you can make money you know well uh from your podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in well well well well well um one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning morning morning morning handicapped. Now this now this now this now this Pawn you know well uh class is is is is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed so delayed so delayed delayed delayed delayed so delayed welcome back like okay you know to the galley dating 101 podcast podcast podcast podcast. We're so happy to be here with you like okay okay all. Whoo. Now Now Now Now the now the now the now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got got got got the lovely lady back. Yes okay um like. It's been a while a long long long long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm you know you know so glad to be be be be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to um uh okay okay okay okay all the podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we we we we love getting feedback and getting you know um okay suggestions as far as what podcast you you you you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd like so I mean so us us us us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions like like like like I mean uh that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion. So please you know uh um don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise praise praise praise you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like to share a a a a simple podcast about effective execution okay you know okay of strategy. So their focus is is is is all about execution of strategy. Okay, like uh you know many people come up with with with with great ideas. Great strategies great strategies great strategies great strategies great initiatives and every year uh uh uh uh like so they spent countless hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the the the the till business plan or even set um um you know of strategic plans and and and and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the you know I I I I mean like problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because because because because they don't like well okay really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I so I so I so I guess we'll start off with a question question question question this week. My first I mean um so of all, it's episode 4 for for for for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike well I I I I mean uh I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question question question question. Okay you know uh I mean. Do you think the Earth is flat? flat flat flat No good. I don't have to fucking kill well um well you because because because because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, so so so so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so you know so you fucking doubt. He's fairly fairly fairly fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth so um you know is flat flat flat flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said he he he he said he said he said I you know uh you know happen when the rocket took took took took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's the uh uh like rocket rocket rocket rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been a fucking so okay okay okay okay uh idiot. That's what that's what that's what that's what you get for being being being being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket well okay so bro. That's That's That's That's like we like it's amazing. That's a that's a that's a that's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl girl girl girl well I mean um Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does does does does it. So is he do you find so uh uh it hard to balance time between between between between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's very you know well um tricky to balance balance balance balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, but um I mean mean mean mean uh it's such an essential skill. That you that you that you that you have have have have to learn especially when doing gcses and okay I mean so a-levels. So I I I I have some days where I meant to be in three meetings at okay okay okay okay you know um once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to to to to have ways of um you know you know getting around that which may involve involve involve involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, welcome to another episode of that that that that sounds fun. I'm your host um um well an EF down. So happy so so so so happy so happy so happy to be here with you today the music in the well well well well you know you know background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells Wells Wells Wells make sure you grab like you know um a copy of his new album album album album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted um um um um I mean like to thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and and and and his wife Jill this week continue to um um you know send your love love love love prayers. And if you would like to donate to so well I mean help them it's it's it's it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of I I I I mean well like my favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original original original original people that were like uh you know writing in our space one of my favorite favorite favorite favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie you know you know you know Shankle. She's a New York York York York Times bestseller and her most recent book just you know um okay came out last last last last week if called on the bright side and it is excellent so you know know know know well. We jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped right in we haven't caught up up up up in a little bit and I think you're so you know um going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is like well well well well um episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie. So these I mean um um are two very close friends of mine as as as as of recent. I met them in college I mean I mean well and we're all all all all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is like like like like so uh what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, Grounds, Grounds, Grounds, we grounds, we grounds, we grounds, we have you know so you know different ideas ideas ideas ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if and if and if and and and and if anything that like uh I mean you know makes our friendship what it it it it is. So anyway nollie. If you if you if you if you could go go go go ahead and I mean so well please tell me about your background how which like like like like of course Walter My okay so uh Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew grew grew grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode episode episode episode 2 My name is Ann uh uh like Foster. And this is a feminist women's women's women's women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made you know I mean I I I I mean there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I I I I think I've you know I mean like explained it properly in every episode so so so so far. So in season one, we were looking at okay you know um women women women women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of I mean um um um um like like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season season season season uh so okay we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
