6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard hard hard hard hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women women women women women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most most most most most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in in in in in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons cons cons cons cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good good good good good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I I I I I got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name name name name name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports is is is is is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have have have have have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also has what what what what what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct on all this before? before before before before Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true Sports, so so so so so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of last year year year year year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division are Baseball division division division division division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for the parent company recalled to to to to to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were really just our our our our our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two two two two two thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the the the the the podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last last last last last Co-op view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not not not not not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few few few few few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back back back back back to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only only only only only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or or or or or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan fan fan fan fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special special special special special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of of of of of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark snark snark snark snark the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason reason reason reason reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little bit. We We We We We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to shift shift shift shift shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping pumping pumping pumping pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've I've I've I've I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a listener, listener, listener, listener, listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the the the the the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept swept swept swept swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or we we we we we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings makings makings makings makings of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just just just just just a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I I I I I it's been nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment segment segment segment segment on let's get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before before before before before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think think think think think I think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how how how how how to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the the the the the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of of of of of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's there's there's there's there's not too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got got got got got a great how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy buy buy buy buy. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement engagement engagement engagement engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the the the the the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies Ladies and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, cats, cats, cats, cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen seen seen seen seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium podium podium podium podium. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm trying trying trying trying trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating beating beating beating beating a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife wife wife wife wife. It's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water water water water water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to to to to to start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just just just just just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one one one one one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this this this this this episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive offensive offensive offensive offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a a a a a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow snow snow snow snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was was was was was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in in in in in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as as as as as his gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath beneath beneath beneath beneath the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this this this this this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a a a a a huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going going going going going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how how how how how adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are are are are are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where we we we we we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that that that that that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and and and and and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a a a a a podcast where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share share share share share the Journey of going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay and I roll around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to to to to to sell for six years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind kind kind kind kind of have to go through and learn things over again. It's the world is because because because because because you kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not not not not not really the real life. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been been been been been told I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath underneath underneath underneath underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough enough enough enough enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the the the the the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in this this this this this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active active active active active Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that that that that that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a total total total total total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial trial trial trial trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with with with with with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were a a a a a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families families families families families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and and and and and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end end end end end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if if if if if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you you you you you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to to to to to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be more than than than than than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into into into into into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you you you you you know podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk talk talk talk talk about giving up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace peace peace peace peace. I think I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept accept accept accept accept that. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know know know know know that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may may may may may look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're they're they're they're they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee guarantee guarantee guarantee guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app app app app app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea idea idea idea idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including including including including including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or or or or or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to get started started started started started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in 5 minutes per per per per per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with with with with with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on on on on on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject subject subject subject subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 1872 1872 1872 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined joined joined joined joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the the the the the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off off off off off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a a a a a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this this this this this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple do see see see see see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you want to to to to to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You just just just just just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free and and and and and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You can record record record record record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel far distances, distances, distances, distances, distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it at home home home home home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads uploads uploads uploads uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a a a a a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for for for for for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your your your your your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where where where where where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and and and and and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen Helen Helen Helen Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was was was was was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out out out out out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case case case case case we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have have have have have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because because because because because It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, know, know, know, know, 30% of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya ya ya ya ya but the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of of of of of March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video video video video video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around around around around around cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice choice choice choice choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy copy copy copy copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter Carter Carter Carter Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to chase chase chase chase chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again again again again again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show show show show show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the the the the the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he he he he he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain spattering spattering spattering spattering spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a prophecy. He'd He'd He'd He'd He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you shall have an an an an an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of blood blood blood blood blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be devoured by by by by by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his sin sin sin sin sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will will will will will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this this this this this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to to to to to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with with with with with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case case case case case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our our our our our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track track track track track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're we're we're we're we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it it it it it and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can can can can can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really imagine you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you you you you you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their app. So guys go go go go go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad glad glad glad glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having having having having having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My My My My My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals Royals Royals Royals Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win the BBL BBL BBL BBL BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and and and and and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's that's that's that's that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a a a a a whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to to to to to it. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this this this this this weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So So So So So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute and talk talk talk talk talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you you you you you guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back back back back back to the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a a a a a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you you you you you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can can can can can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening listening listening listening listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So So So So So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health Health Health Health Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of of of of of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find find find find find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have have have have have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't can't can't can't can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey journey journey journey journey. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers reformers reformers reformers reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers showcom showcom showcom showcom showcom. Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going going going going going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and and and and and I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who who who who who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you you you you you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one the the the the the beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, we all knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her her her her her to finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and and and and and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with with with with with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of of of of of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we we we we we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which which which which which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, month, month, month, month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think think think think think it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that that that that that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking about about about about about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have have have have have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the the the the the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I I I I I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I I I I I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will will will will will okay, and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on on on on on my counters, who's they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've you've you've you've you've gone to I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may may may may may have shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know know know know know. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a a a a a koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half half half half half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we we we we we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well well well well well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live live live live live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look look look look look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen listen listen listen listen to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who who who who who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my my my my my God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific specific specific specific specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all all all all all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as polyphonic and and and and and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga one one one one one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will we make make make make make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is is is is is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How How How How How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on on on on on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual visual visual visual visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I just looked looked looked looked looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You You You You You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- L's L's L's L's L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for season 2 2 2 2 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is your off off off off off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to to to to to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about to to to to to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time time time time time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, and I I I I I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game game game game game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like like like like like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was just like like like like like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good for real back back back back back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to to to to to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your your your your your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium premium premium premium premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one one one one one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss miss miss miss miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if if if if if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter matter matter matter matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the the the the the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab Tab Tab Tab Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of of of of of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer trainer trainer trainer trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this this this this this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, gain, gain, gain, gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that that that that that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We We We We We were one minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a a a a a little bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain certain certain certain certain rules and regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move move move move move on I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's That's That's That's That's all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's What's What's What's What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people watching watching watching watching watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your normal normal normal normal normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old old old old old patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would would would would would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later later later later later. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature nature nature nature nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 13 13 13 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was was was was was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another another another another another episode, 's I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some some some some some live training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the the the the the power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four four four four four places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of of of of of inspired. Is this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we we we we we get into that, I want to give a shout out so over the last last last last last couple of weeks. I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves leaves leaves leaves leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into into into into into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine divine divine divine divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I I I I I am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your your your your your light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of of of of of spiritual topics share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul soul soul soul soul having a human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea Sea Sea Sea Sea of Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura aura aura aura aura room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about a month since since since since since my last episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know know know know know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the the the the the basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt skirt skirt skirt skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top top top top top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I I I I I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off off off off off too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear fear fear fear fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is is is is is working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I I I I I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear underwear underwear underwear underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital digital digital digital digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did Did Did Did Did we just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you you you you you create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get get get get get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a a a a a good escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you you you you you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and and and and and I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and and and and and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry industry industry industry industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking talking talking talking talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my my my my my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to do do do do do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if if if if if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of of of of of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's There's There's There's There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that that that that that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you you you you you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can can can can can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need need need need need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out out out out out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing doing doing doing doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's It's It's It's It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick stick stick stick stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uncle uncle uncle uncle uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back back back back back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have have have have have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to hear hear hear hear hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates. You can hear hear hear hear hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths today in in in in in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that you you you you you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any man man man man man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who who who who who has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas. He is of the the the the the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for for for for for three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees from from from from from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally finally finally finally finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't don't don't don't don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree degree degree degree degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those those those those those years. He was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog Frog Frog Frog Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this this this this this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today today today today today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our our our our our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st. Francis. Okay. And And And And And so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience experience experience experience experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it and yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want want want want want to explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's It's It's It's It's free. There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's That's That's That's That's not how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a a a a a spool back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for for for for for music, but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's not. It's It's It's It's It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode of what the coach coach coach coach coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain about me saying no no no no no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do the intro intro intro intro intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, right? You know you you you you you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro. I will do do do do do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait wait wait wait wait to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old old old old old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going going going going going to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, oh oh oh oh oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to talk about and and and and and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's not get into into into into into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name name name name name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Keller Keller Keller Keller Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about about about about about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one one one one one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great great great great great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days days days days days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss miss miss miss miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you you you you you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but but but but but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for for for for for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make make make make make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living living living living living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might might might might might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding nerding nerding nerding nerding out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort sort sort sort sort of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet NerdWallet NerdWallet NerdWallet NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators calculators calculators calculators calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and and and and and everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I I I I I love free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora Pandora Pandora Pandora Pandora all these platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from from from from from your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all all all all all in one place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the the the the the podcast for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student student student student student sharing her journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show show show show show and don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the the the the the C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We We We We We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting grunting grunting grunting grunting as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life. You You You You You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and and and and and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making making making making making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of Life Life Life Life Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the mountains mountains mountains mountains mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this way way way way way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't often often often often often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more and and and and and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see see see see see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration Transfiguration Transfiguration Transfiguration Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led led led led led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their their their their their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today as as as as as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just just just just just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we we we we we jump into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a a a a a situation where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain drain drain drain drain they are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed discussed discussed discussed discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World World World World World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin. We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts and feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing scenes 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have have have have have some announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, So, So, So, So, please feel free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 13 13 13 13 have a few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check check check check check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and and and and and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by by by by by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people have have have have have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get their their their their their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do do do do do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the the the the the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave leave leave leave leave messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the the the the the way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for for for for for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so so so so so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even even even even even heard of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening listening listening listening listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all all all all all right. Keep in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta drink it. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the the the the the end. I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos Carlos and I play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, right, right, right, right, let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi multi multi multi multi people can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and and and and and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes goes goes goes goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It was really really really really really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so I grew up thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me as as as as as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Colin Colin Colin Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around your neck, but but but but but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It's much much much much much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I sound sound sound sound sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm being serious serious serious serious serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game and then then then then then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And And And And And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove drove drove drove drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came back back back back back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not not not not not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and and and and and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 1 1 1 1 episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is is is is is actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which which which which which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age age age age age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's health health health health health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold down here here here here here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio at Loyola University University University University University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward to this this this this this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest guest guest guest guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to my my my my my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge Edge Edge Edge Edge today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast coast coast coast coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before before before before before. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free free free free free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just just just just just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on on on on on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get get get get get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in in in in in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that that that that that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise that that that that that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it is only only only only only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always so M. How How How How How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I am also fine. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes around I think think think think think so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited excited excited excited excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher researcher researcher researcher researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because because because because because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air air air air air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very very very very very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of of of of of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And And And And And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the the the the the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights lights lights lights lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The The The The The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement in in in in in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name name name name name is Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the the the the the last episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on on on on on this episode, I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I I I I I am going so I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to kind of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is is is is is the best way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like like like like like I've talked about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I I I I I really am a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the the the the the Bowman Prospect cards the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together together together together together some statistics with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific specific specific specific specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, so like I was looking at at at at at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have have have have have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, flang, flang, flang, flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do. Go Go Go Go Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton Bolton. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, words, words, words, words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you you you you you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the the the the the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They They They They They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get get get get get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as as as as as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen screen screen screen screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're going to to to to to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power power power power power over there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad bad bad bad bad reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond diamond diamond diamond diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none none none none none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few few few few few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one one one one one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from job job job job job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Labor Labor Labor Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did 25 25 25 25 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet closet closet closet closet sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner owner owner owner owner of seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created created created created created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community community community community community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the the the the the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and possibly possibly possibly possibly possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all about about about about about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are are are are are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are are are are are used with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back Back Back Back Back again for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new new new new new. I want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm an American English teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English English English English English to speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR IR IR IR IR jockey it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my my my my my favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you you you you you are very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero calero calero calero calero cynical carajo the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be be be be be roughly Casanova attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked linked linked linked linked up. Ski bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then then then then then it did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels feels feels feels feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've we've we've we've we've been on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the the the the the theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in in in in in the in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on on on on on to them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This This This This This is important information that I want all of you to have. It's going going going going going to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for for for for for you to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You You You You You need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need need need need need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a neglected neglected neglected neglected neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then you know know know know know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So So So So So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really really really really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you you you you you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the the the the the podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people people people people people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And And And And And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to to to to to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality personality personality personality personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your your your your your host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of of of of of the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional professional professional professional professional mental health and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if if if if if you need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this this this this this month's episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director director director director director at swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit bit bit bit bit about what is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to to to to to apologize for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted to to to to to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new new new new new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as as as as as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted submitted submitted submitted submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our our our our our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget budget budget budget budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes changes changes changes changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step step step step step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the the the the the next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year year year year year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've We've We've We've We've selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with with with with with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's There's There's There's There's a wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version version version version version you're familiar with but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early early early early early morning Darkness desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been been been been been following them day and night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first first first first first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled tumbled tumbled tumbled tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with with with with with the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel features marble is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing producing producing producing producing the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics Comics Comics Comics Comics welcoming you back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm thrilled to be talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I I I I I took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was was was was was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't wasn't expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge huge huge huge huge crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 10 10 10 10 years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best best best best best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place where where where where where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard out out out out out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change it up because because because because because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics were were were were were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the money song song song song song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better give me me me me me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have have have have have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and and and and and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And And And And And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming programming programming programming programming a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering hankering hankering hankering hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T T T T T show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we we we we we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys guys guys guys guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this this this this this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 10 10 10 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the the the the the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is is is is is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his base base base base base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and and and and and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work work work work work on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour hour hour hour hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors directors directors directors directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On the the the the the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain curtain curtain curtain curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color from time to time, but it's it's it's it's it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Shop Shop Shop Shop Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming coming coming coming coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor outdoor outdoor outdoor outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to to to to to say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out out out out out because that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying trying trying trying trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that that that that that he Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So if there's there's there's there's there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise otherwise otherwise otherwise otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything anything anything anything anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also also also also also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place place place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get started. Once again that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed immersed immersed immersed immersed with the boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you you you you you week three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had had had had had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this is is is is is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning of a a a a a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother 30-something days days days days days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the following following following following following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, let them them them them them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out to to to to to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener listener listener listener listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo Aldo Aldo Aldo Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him him him him him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door flung flung flung flung flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street Street Street Street Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his captors didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off off off off off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him him him him him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the the the the the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate ate ate ate ate shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but but but but but All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright. So what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not not not not not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations Congratulations Congratulations Congratulations Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, right. War War War War War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind of of of of of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you you you you you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if you've been been been been been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that we we we we we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck Matias Matias Matias Matias Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join us us us us us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about about about about about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a gift as as as as as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining joining joining joining joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving wife wife wife wife wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent spent spent spent spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to to to to to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older children children children children children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with with with with with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone bone bone bone bone fragment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle epicondyle epicondyle epicondyle epicondyle has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up up up up up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female female female female female ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year year year year year olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than three years years years years years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched outstretched outstretched outstretched outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today Today Today Today Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to to to to to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a a a a a board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you you you you you about 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go go go go go to the hospital and usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 15 15 15 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally my patients have been very worried worried worried worried worried about the core virus and to be honest who is not been worried about about about about about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is is is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of of of of of which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that that that that that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee schnee schnee schnee schnee. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a a a a a name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach coach coach coach coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So So So So So this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you you you you you about my favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first first first first first off it's free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this this this this this podcast was actually recorded on my phone and uploaded all my phone phone phone phone phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes goes goes goes goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with with with with with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me me me me me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, know, know, know, know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind kind kind kind kind of host how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the the the the the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a a a a a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to to to to to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize optimize optimize optimize optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of of of of of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and and and and and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass Snodgrass Snodgrass Snodgrass Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to to to to to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? There? There There There There It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear him him him him him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we welcome on a a a a a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my my my my my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl girl girl girl girl. Hey, what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what what what what what do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola Lola Lola Lola Lola. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, um, um, um, um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought brought brought brought brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit limit limit limit limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of of of of of making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you you you you you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want want want want want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat boat boat boat boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You You You You You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we we we we we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I I I I I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back back back back back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these these these these these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still still still still still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back back back back back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two two two two two episodes on the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people people people people people perished in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way way way way way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest Forest Forest Forest Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster disaster disaster disaster disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at at at at at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of of of of of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and and and and and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started the painting painting painting painting painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all all all all all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice practice practice practice practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is is is is is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see Me Me Me Me Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like to see see see see see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click on on on on on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon is is is is is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class class class class class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom custom custom custom custom offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you you you you you so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining joining joining joining joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody Cody Cody Cody Cody. Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what what what what what lifted logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all all all all all things. Faucets related we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends Trends Trends Trends Trends or events. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need need need need need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head head head head head on over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just just just just just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with with with with with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle Doyle Doyle Doyle Doyle an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week week week week week yesterday was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we we we we we got with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but but but but but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity gravity gravity gravity gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure sure sure sure sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're you're you're you're you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to to to to to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask ask ask ask ask you a question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream dream dream dream dream life. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to to to to to live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? life life life life Most people would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close close close close close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have have have have have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go go go go go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon a a a a a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received an invitation invitation invitation invitation invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but due to to to to to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a frequent flyer flyer flyer flyer flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him. On the the the the the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the the the the the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry industry industry industry industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a a a a a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on on on on on this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here here here here here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never never never never never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You You You You You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's let's let's let's let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name name name name name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our leadership leadership leadership leadership leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've We've We've We've We've sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, journey, journey, journey, journey, and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal equal equal equal equal campaign for international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening listening listening listening listening. In today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of of of of of them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working working working working working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new new new new new video new gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super super super super super show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed stayed stayed stayed stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and and and and and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love love love love love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with with with with with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all all all all all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's time time time time time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day, bro, bro, bro, bro, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of any any any any any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big big big big big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their their their their their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves gloves gloves gloves gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even even even even even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our our our our our weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your your your your your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill fulfill fulfill fulfill fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's week's week's week's week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you you you you you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now have have have have have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year six-year six-year six-year six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when when when when when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most Most Most Most Most of the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In In In In In fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy energy energy energy energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells cells cells cells cells into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies. They They They They They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The run for PRS PRS PRS PRS PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training to reach your your your your your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions that you've been been been been been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop on what what what what what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you ever seen a a a a a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal reveal reveal reveal reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running is is is is is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports, like like like like like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some some some some some have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but but but but but they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain pain pain pain pain in sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know know know know know that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening listening listening listening listening to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports sports sports sports sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining joining joining joining joining us. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've They've They've They've They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and and and and and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and and and and and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident resident resident resident resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's She's She's She's She's basically like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope dope dope dope dope lady fire you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like like like like like us that I just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm looking through website. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night night night night night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and and and and and brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped helped helped helped helped black women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ CJ CJ CJ CJ Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 1867 1867 1867 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her her her her her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson Robinson today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve achieve achieve achieve achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's let's let's let's let's Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and and and and and have been for many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your your your your your life or did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was was was was was about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in in in in in general and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all are are are are are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so don't don't don't don't don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button button button button button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you could could could could could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the message message message message message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on our our our our our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and we we we we we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and and and and and there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And And And And And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so so so so so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your your your your your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know know know know know me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel Excel Excel Excel Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that that that that that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host host host host host Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in in in in in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about for for for for for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about about about about about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get any further further further further further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay stay stay stay stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views views views views views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former former former former former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave gave gave gave gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, tricks, tricks, tricks, tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their their their their their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how they they they they they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours and and and and and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is a a a a a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you you you you you guys are looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check Check Check Check Check us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company company company company company. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network Network Network Network Network. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today today today today today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk about Pixar Pixar Pixar Pixar Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a first-hand animator animator animator animator animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him on the the the the the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always always always always always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five five five five five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to to to to to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there in in in in in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps trumps trumps trumps trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not not not not not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If If If If If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you you you you you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score score score score score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just a a a a a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher spot. What What What What What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's a lottery best best best best best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides that Besides Besides Besides Besides Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I I I I I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and sixty three three three three three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this this this this this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because I was was was was was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head head head head head over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse browse browse browse browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome content just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in in in in in the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in in in in in and we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, thank you so much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of of of of of in the woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better better better better better at each one of these that we do we also plan to have have have have have a lot of different different guest on the show each week. We have a trio trio trio trio trio of different co-hosts that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us us us us us the first of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how how how how how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a a a a a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place place place place place for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your your your your your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag scumbag scumbag scumbag scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably probably probably probably probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if if if if if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying staying staying staying staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just just just just just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make make make make make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team at at at at at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get get get get get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your your your your your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you you you you you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you you you you you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to to to to to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your your your your your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one one one one one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FMcom FMcom FMcom FMcom FMcom. To get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going going going going going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the the the the the sense of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to to to to to look into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam. It's It's It's It's It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough free agency agency agency agency agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should should should should should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast when when when when when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did our our our our our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we both both both both both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen listen listen listen listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but but but but but it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one one one one one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are are are are are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all all all all all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an an an an an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current current current current current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So what are your your your your your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like medieval don't don't don't don't don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan of of of of of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little little little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot dot dot dot dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your your your your your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the the the the the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master Master Master Master Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code code code code code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a a a a a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are are are are are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and and and and and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing thing thing thing thing because you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind of of of of of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the usual FPL FPL FPL FPL FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references and of of of of of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one one one one one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered a a a a a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things things things things things Animal Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk talk talk talk talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a a a a a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms terms terms terms terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot lot lot lot lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those those those those those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say say say say say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am am am am am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic topic topic topic topic that's very close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided decided decided decided decided today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant elephant elephant elephant elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of of of of of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to to to to to say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So So So So So thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action and and and and and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story story story story story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite quite quite quite quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against against against against against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the the the the the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a a a a a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings learnings learnings learnings learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on a a a a a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait wait wait wait wait to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to to to to to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential essential essential essential essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and and and and and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to write write write write write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily daily daily daily daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to to to to to live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is is is is is talking about here in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses verses verses verses verses 1 through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we we we we we know that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a a a a a building from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for for for for for in this tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by by by by by putting it on we may not be found naked for while we are still still still still still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to to to to to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I I I I I use to record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred percent free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to to to to to record and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to to to to to record with friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then then then then then distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and and and and and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before Before Before Before Before I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to to to to to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through through through through through the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my my my my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, data, data, data, data, we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their their their their their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here here here here here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review us any any any any any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you heard heard heard heard heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used this source source source source source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan of the the the the the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page the young educator educator educator educator educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students. My My My My My students came to school on the second day and they were like, when are we we we we we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I knew knew knew knew knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? you you you you Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh get your your your your your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into the foreign exchange exchange exchange exchange exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty hefty hefty hefty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You know know know know know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of of of of of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and and and and and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of of of of of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book book book book book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in in in in in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both both both both both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo clo clo clo clo Francisco Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person person person person person with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all all all all all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this this this this this to share with you guys. The fact that I am part of of of of of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys guys guys guys guys you guys are all phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and and and and and where we were going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable profitable profitable profitable profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life life life life life. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it it it it it. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh oh oh oh oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black black black black black looking things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this this this this this is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first first first first first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in New New New New New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out out out out out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a a a a a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening to to to to to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you you you you you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is is is is is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the the the the the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules rules rules rules rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should should should should should pour yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record record record record record my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely love love love love love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for you you you you you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I I I I I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you you you you you haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I I I I I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro bro bro bro bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from from from from from my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more more more more more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had your listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night night night night night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little little little little little circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily Emily Emily Emily Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is is is is is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and and and and and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and take take take take take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge but but but but but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the the the the the John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases cases cases cases cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States. We have have have have have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with six deaths all all all all all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any deaths in California California California California California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our our our our our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of of of of of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the the the the the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of of of of of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April April April April April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them them them them them were there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation situation situation situation situation right here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories stories stories stories stories that people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned learned learned learned learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in in in in in this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going going going going going to say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with with with with with the weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit hit hit hit hit and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am am am am am not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get get get get get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting meeting meeting meeting meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just just just just just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most most most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the the the the the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips clips clips clips clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world world world world world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the the the the the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard Richard Richard Richard Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to to to to to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were were were were were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England lived and and and and and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life was was was was was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to to to to to survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people within a a a a a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 25 25 25 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based based based based based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of of of of of Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name name name name name is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so so so so so I actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed revealed revealed revealed revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which which which which which I'm a part of said that the The line was actually in our major. So I I I I I had a little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of of of of of people have had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of of of of of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot mascot mascot mascot mascot is and a few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So So So So So that's kind of cool. You want to give us a little introduction about about about about about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having the massively massively massively massively massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but but but but but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues. It's It's It's It's It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, if you've you've you've you've you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about that shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite a lot lot lot lot lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always do talking about about about about about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a voice and and and and and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your your your your your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you you you you you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life life life life life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you in in in in in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the past past past past past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share my message to to to to to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into my space space space space space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create create create create create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he he he he he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood mood mood mood mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near near near near near Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the the the the the house and either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take take take take take something out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is is is is is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not not not not not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick quick quick quick quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally literally literally literally literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then to to to to to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for for for for for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, so, so, so, so, um, I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist. And I work on different type of client So based off of a studio in in in in in Westford, and I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and and and and and have more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed needed needed needed needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's It's It's It's It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make make make make make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are are are are are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast all all all all all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We We We We We are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I I I I I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the coach coach coach coach coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the second time time time time time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got to talk talk talk talk talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get to hear hear hear hear hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of of of of of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth fifth fifth fifth fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked a little bit about about about about about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all all all all all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into into into into into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like like like like like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all all all all all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a a a a a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So it's it's it's it's it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She She She She She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you you you you you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you it it it it it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for for for for for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for the the the the the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you know, you you you you you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the part of of of of of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far now now now now now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow today and we we we we we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, worse, worse, worse, worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick brick brick brick brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series series series series series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into into into into into some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the the the the the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is is is is is the podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by by by by by neht and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we we we we we asked whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction distraction distraction distraction distraction. We consider what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and and and and and also this Gus whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging content and revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is is is is is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former former former former former teacher and the author of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director director director director director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the fucking word word word word word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is about today today today today today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and the most profane way way way way way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks for listening this this this this this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time this week. We're We're We're We're We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of of of of of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family family family family family is unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about about about about about Stephanie though is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie has a patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people people people people people may have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out out out out out. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the the the the the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also also also also also helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed to love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A A A A A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her her her her her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that guy guy guy guy guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today we we we we we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get get get get get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet we we we we we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the chemistry but marked marked marked marked marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be but it it it it it was there. We took the we just say major so we had all the same same same same same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back when when when when when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter planter planter planter planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part part part part part of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting planting planting planting planting as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective collective collective collective collective of people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However However However However However tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of of of of of seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections connections connections connections connections experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed shed shed shed shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel shovel shovel shovel shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as as as as as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from from from from from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the the the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop drop drop drop drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a new store store store store store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of where you you you you you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the first level is is is is is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products do you you you you you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to the the the the the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually actually actually actually actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally finally finally finally finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with with with with with you in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to to to to to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of of of of of these stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I I I I I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you you you you you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results results results results results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more calories calories calories calories calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each workout is is is is is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or under train. So So So So So what are you currently doing to get more life out of your workout? That's That's That's That's That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, let's kick it it it it it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to to to to to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling falling falling falling falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word of God God God God God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so as as as as as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an inspiration to to to to to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you you you you you text K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the the the the the word Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic manic manic manic manic. I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this this this this this list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch couch couch couch couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon soon soon soon soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and and and and and I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot take take take take take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start with the the the the the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know soups soups soups soups soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit. My name is is is is is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? up up up up Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy. I would like to apologize to to to to to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a a a a a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now now now now now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you you you you you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior prior prior prior prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined joined joined joined joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today today today today today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I came came came came came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, I really really really really really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair fair fair fair fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he he he he he told me on the spot that it was going to be on camera and it it it it it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know know know know know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day day day day day. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 60 60 60 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and and and and and it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern Eastern standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the the the the the world, you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with with with with with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If If If If If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that that that that that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create create create create create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create create create create create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think I've I've I've I've I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as as as as as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by by by by by other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so so so so so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here with Usual Usual Usual Usual Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from Murder Town USA USA USA USA USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing great man man man man man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I I I I I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this this this this this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we we we we we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out out out out out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a a a a a space docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be be be be be covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting Technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right right right right right from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the the the the the latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon moon moon moon moon. So if like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with with with with with all that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult adult adult adult adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised advised advised advised advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to to to to to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in in in in in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little little little little little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And And And And And I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out out out out out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership partnership partnership partnership partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can can can can can lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to to to to to lure party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our our our our our favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're we're we're we're we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers Spoilers Spoilers Spoilers Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you you you you you make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here here here here here. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today today today today today is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to to to to to release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man man man man man. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear hear hear hear hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend. Going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I I I I I do think that all of the information in part to her story all her her her her her tips the way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost almost almost almost almost more like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all all all all all about her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story story story story story Dynamic her as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show show show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the the the the the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're we're we're we're we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair pair pair pair pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in in in in in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them them them them them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be a long long long long long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's your your your your your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello. We're We're We're We're We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free. Rio Rio Rio Rio Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long long long long long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires fires fires fires fires are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the the the the the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due due due due due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that that that that that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically technically technically technically technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at the the the the the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the the the the the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers Flyers Flyers Flyers Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic topic topic topic topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got an email email email email email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably since late last year year year year year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him now. Well Well Well Well Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a couple of of of of of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All at at at at at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind kind kind kind kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told told told told told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast for for for for for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy Billy Billy Billy Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and and and and and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My My My My My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr draugr draugr draugr draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in in in in in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to to to to to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to to to to to get to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote unquote unquote unquote unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first first first first first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so so so so so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about about about about about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during during during during during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've They've They've They've They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with with with with with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only only only only only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can can can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly. So So So So So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but but but but but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of of of of of a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by by by by by using anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives gives gives gives gives you everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from from from from from your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with with with with with the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found found found found found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any any any any any money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There There There There There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot lot lot lot lot of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best best best best best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with with with with with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for for for for for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury injury injury injury injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to the the the the the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes dishes dishes dishes dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today today today today today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever ever ever ever ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about about about about about all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up up up up up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had had had had had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing convincing convincing convincing convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and and and and and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible possible possible possible possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having having having having having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode episode episode episode episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have have have have have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as as as as as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need need need need need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or or or or or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money money money money money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better better better better better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear from another another another another another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before now as he's he's he's he's he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up to to to to to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field but but but but but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation with with with with with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what I needed needed needed needed needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how are you you you you you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old old old old old same old. I need to start this though with a bit of respect here. It's It's It's It's It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record record record record record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the the the the the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and and and and and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in one one one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend friend friend friend friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap soap soap soap soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion soap soap soap soap soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soapcom soapcom soapcom soapcom soapcom. They make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so so so so so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and and and and and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and and and and and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time time time time time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going to to to to to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any any any any any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you you you you you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to to to to to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably probably probably probably probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you you you you you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you you you you you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right right right right right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in in in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the the the the the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all all all all all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to to to to to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into into into into into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the the the the the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without without without without without using drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will will will will will tell you that at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought thought thought thought thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition apparition apparition apparition apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln high Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who were were were were were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the the the the the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple couple couple couple couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for for for for for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your your your your your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved involved involved involved involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with an an an an an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few few few few few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of right right right right right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this virus virus virus virus virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're we're we're we're we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of Washington declaring declaring declaring declaring declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The virus has has has has has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about more and and and and and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So So So So So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to to to to to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We We We We We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a a a a a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the the the the the Star Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning morning morning morning morning afternoon or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars sessions come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the the the the the cockpit of the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam cam cam cam cam and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live live live live live in Ohio Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture culture culture culture culture. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider Schneider Schneider Schneider Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch watch watch watch watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's a lot lot lot lot lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we have have have have have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim Kim Kim Kim Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's there's there's there's there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from from from from from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple apple apple apple apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can can can can can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great great great great great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going going going going going. So it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the app app app app app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's let's let's let's let's get in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first first first first first episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and and and and and checking it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic topic topic topic topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho psycho psycho psycho psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you have have have have have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day and we we we we we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the video video video video video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like like like like like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a a a a a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each each each each each other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of of of of of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the basics basics basics basics basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your your your your your own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design design design design design and hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube Cube Cube Cube Cube. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file file file file file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to to to to to do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for for for for for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is is is is is right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local local local local local bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo yo yo yo yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the the the the the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back Back Back Back Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are are are are are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to say say say say say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as as as as as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to to to to to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you you you you you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I I I I I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Long Long Long Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to to to to to occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of of of of of her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for for for for for her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going going going going going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough tough tough tough tough situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the the the the the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human human human human human design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and and and and and energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your your your your your business where it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human human human human human design and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of of of of of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business business business business business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care care care care care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and and and and and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote promote promote promote promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire entire entire entire entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the the the the the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we we we we we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate meditate meditate meditate meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can can can can can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total Total Total Total Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year year year year year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over over over over over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San Jose the the the the the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it seemed after after after after after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just like most nights nights nights nights nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs burned hot hot hot hot hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to hallucinate and and and and and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of of of of of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, which which which which which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we we we we we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP GDP GDP GDP GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists were were were were were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at a gentle gentle gentle gentle gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it looks like that that that that that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay at home home home home home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring a a a a a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things. There are some some some some some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you do do do do do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in in in in in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the the the the the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going going going going going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story story story story story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry dry dry dry dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your health health health health health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode episode episode episode episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? it it it it Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like like like like like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the the the the the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that that that that that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really talk about something something something something something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this is is is is is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but but but but but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying trying trying trying trying to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present present present present present is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to to to to to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you you you you you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, know, know, know, know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice notice notice notice notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when when when when when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 97 97 97 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to to to to to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast rid of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily heavily heavily heavily heavily requested by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend or top reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a a a a a Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal personal personal personal personal development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at at at at at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the the the the the ones that are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure sure sure sure sure every book that I've read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give give give give give you guys a pretty good list and I did a version of of of of of this a long time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal goal goal goal goal is to put these onto the blog as well here probably in the the the the the next two weeks or so. I just have a lot of real I say quote quote quote quote quote unquote real work to do but I will get to this but if you hear hear hear hear hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the the the the the fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it it it it it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really really really really really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be be be be be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm of of of of of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our our our our our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website visible visible visible visible visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He He He He He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of of of of of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried tried tried tried tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on on on on on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We We We We We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 2014 2014 2014 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now now now now now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on on on on on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here to to to to to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give give give give give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first first first first first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is is is is is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is is is is is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should should should should should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself myself myself myself myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV TV TV TV TV fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine Christine Christine Christine Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money money money money money and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did Did Did Did Did I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the the the the the middle amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right right right right right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like like like like like you've never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what what what what what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of of of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening happening happening happening happening with this show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name name name name name is Mike feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is is is is is. You know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am am am am am over here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also also also also also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may may may may may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a Draconian Draconian Draconian Draconian Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid hid hid hid hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien alien alien alien alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show show show show show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US US US US US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with with with with with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for for for for for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do do do do do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my fun fun fun fun fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's our our our our our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. You're so so so so so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're they're bad bad bad bad bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set set set set set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians musicians musicians musicians musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at at at at at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast Network Network Network Network Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by W W W W W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very first first first first first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November 1st 1st 1st 1st 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a very very very very very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as questions questions questions questions questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on our our our our our crew and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So So So So So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank you you you you you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This is is is is is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it it it it it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do do do do do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you you you you you follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if if if if if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to to to to to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling traveling traveling traveling traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D D D D D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you you you you you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few few few few few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic this this this this this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world world world world world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was a bad bad bad bad bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world, world, world, world, world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first first first first first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you you you you you. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits benefits benefits benefits benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There There There There There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives gives gives gives gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going going going going going to be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it it it it it away. I'm going to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my my my my my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort sort sort sort sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of of of of of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that that that that that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The The The The The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I I I I I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Brian and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no no no no no premise. There's no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just such such such such such a lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this this this this this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us us us us us field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot shot shot shot shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and and and and and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that are are are are are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. We encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new new new new new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering covering covering covering covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and and and and and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you you you you you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die die die die die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable memorable memorable memorable memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of of of of of poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we we we we we use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to to to to to use and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was was was was was something in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go go go go go into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so so so so so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool cool cool cool cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify you name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have have have have have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need need need need need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just just just just just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at at at at at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and how how how how how most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to to to to to hit them up and leave a review to let us know what you thought thought thought thought thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're we're we're we're we're looking at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X X X X X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number number number number number of cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is is is is is fmr1 on the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and and and and and inactivation of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually actually actually actually actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and and and and and podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just just just just just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see see see see see your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience experience experience experience experience. What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had had had had had with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in in in in in all ages shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know know know know know what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm working on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see see see see see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I I I I I as a Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white white white white white. We as people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in in in in in church gray areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform platform platform platform platform I welcome open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is is is is is gray is meant to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness kindness kindness kindness kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a story or perspective to share please reach me me me me me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and and and and and be a part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got got got got got a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But But But But But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really really really really really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments comments comments comments comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I I I I I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal personal personal personal personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case case case case case on page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the the the the the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator curator curator curator curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God God God God God Amy. Otto have but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina Katrina as he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me me me me me I deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's It's It's It's It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have have have have have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer super simple super super super super super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone with with with with with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where where where where where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each each each each each one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years years years years years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for for for for for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on on on on on Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So So So So So today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering considering considering considering considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird weird weird weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World World World World World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I I I I I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my my my my my predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode episode episode episode episode were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss loss loss loss loss in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that that that that that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history history history history history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that that that that that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash slash slash slash slash Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do Do Do Do Do you want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week week week week week be a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go Go Go Go Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that that that that that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you you you you you know, we like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd very much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but but but but but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we we we we we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out out out out out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor ecom ecom ecom ecom ecom. Subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while while while while while since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have have have have have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the conversation today today today today today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up from the original original original original original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode. Hot cake flipping flipping flipping flipping flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to to to to to leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on on on on on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest digest digest digest digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to talk about about about about about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I know I I I I I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak freak freak freak freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I I I I I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / like like like like like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of of of of of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better showing showing showing showing showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals scandals scandals scandals scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged with with with with with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for personal use use use use use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting ready to participate in a sting sting sting sting sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the hill had been tough for him him him him him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were were were were were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a a a a a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I talked talked talked talked talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and and and and and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be at had an an an an an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on what she she she she she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source and and and and and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some time ago ago ago ago ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my my my my my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just just just just just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed subscribed subscribed subscribed subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat chat chat chat chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and and and and and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside inside inside inside inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim aim aim aim aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in in in in in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the the the the the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're We're We're We're We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected collected collected collected collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us us us us us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True True True True True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in in in in in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd 3rd the boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are are are are are we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like Like Like Like Like you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an an an an an incredible story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't won't won't won't won't believe what this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon Devon Devon Devon Devon. He's having his location just a block away for over four years going going going going going it to the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices voices voices voices voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding holding holding holding holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy easy easy easy easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting hosting hosting hosting hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested interested interested interested interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week week week week week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week week week week week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and and and and and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it it it it it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting drafting drafting drafting drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good good good good good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this this this this this week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past week as far as as as as as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring a a a a a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me just just just just just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall that's that's that's that's that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom sunroom sunroom sunroom sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we are are are are are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at least a a a a a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable suitable suitable suitable suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's it's it's it's it's a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib nib nib nib nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month month month month month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We We We We We usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this this this this this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing editing editing editing editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, water, water, water, water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down down down down down with the authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an an an an an amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle cycle cycle cycle cycle. How do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no no no no no flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for for for for for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you you you you you about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the the the the the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from from from from from a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh oh oh oh oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do do do do do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that that that that that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do do do do do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, money, money, money, money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright bright bright bright bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so so so so so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can can can can can make money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no no no no no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to to to to to just do it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England England England England England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms Realms Realms Realms Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority Priority Priority Priority Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry Curry Curry Curry Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really really really really really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so so so so so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at at at at at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the the the the the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me me me me me in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is is is is is no need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point point point point point and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so so so so so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my my my my my clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time time time time time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that that that that that led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what what what what what she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch of of of of of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you you you you you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with with with with with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal voice voice voice voice voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm them and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, so I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's that's that's that's that's happened in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind kind kind kind kind of entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to to to to to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, there, there, there, there, I mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be be be be be boring right now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously hilariously like this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the the the the the movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? right right right right Yeah, and I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to to to to to talk about them, which is good. I mean who's having a leave the the the the the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so so so so so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You inspires you you you you you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out today's message message message message message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are as a church church church church church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity to encourage you and and and and and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something in uncertain uncertain uncertain uncertain uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe we are going somewhere and and and and and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be in in in in in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night night night night night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson Slauson Slauson Slauson Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street Street Street Street Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from from from from from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found found found found found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today today today today today. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a a a a a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the the the the the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in in in in in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of of of of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound HonorBound HonorBound HonorBound HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed placed placed placed placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which has 33 33 33 33 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only only only only only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this this this this this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have have have have have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of of of of of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of of of of of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all all all all all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known known known known known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do do do do do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post post post post post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the the the the the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to to to to to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use use use use use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel feel feel feel feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something something something something something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my my my my my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the the the the the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about about about about about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by by by by by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you you you you you a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and and and and and they've asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed changed changed changed changed my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts aunts aunts aunts aunts life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today today today today today I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters skaters skaters skaters skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to to to to to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right right right right right there. He said I want to tell you about something that I found out they if if if if if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He He He He He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and and and and and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a couple couple couple couple couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on on on on on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's what's what's what's what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying The The The The The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. I I I I I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and something I've I've I've I've I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that that that that that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but but but but but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any kind kind kind kind kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time time time time time Proverbs 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year year year year year old who went to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see see see see see her spending habits the author of the article shared that through to over the the the the the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she she she she she didn't have to give up things. She really loved to save money that realization realization realization realization realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to make productive spending spending spending spending spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her background background background background background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for for for for for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for the future future future future future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how how how how how to handle and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of of of of of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it it it it it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career career career career career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The Road Road Road Road Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops Hoops Hoops Hoops Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Host Host Host Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist stylist stylist stylist stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to to to to to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to to to to to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot lot lot lot lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz cuz cuz cuz cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad glad glad glad glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants participants participants participants participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's that's that's that's that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is is is is is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie such. He He He He He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views views views views views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make make make make make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get get get get get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about about about about about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Love Love Love Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money money money money money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your your your your your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the word word word word word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be priced priced priced priced priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 verses verses verses verses verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You You You You You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in in in in in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love love love love love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that your your your your your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as as as as as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to to to to to lay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to to to to to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more more more more more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a a a a a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the the the the the book one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history history history history history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at at at at at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's Molly's Molly's Molly's Molly's. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just just just just just playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with with with with with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to to to to to you is go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired aired aired aired aired on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any any any any any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog dog dog dog dog or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This This This This This is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave leave leave leave leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get get get get get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a a a a a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney Disney Disney Disney Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love love love love love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply simply simply simply simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but but but but but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged to to to to to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist DMS DMS DMS DMS DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans of the the the the the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it it it it it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers producers producers producers producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking taking taking taking taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a a a a a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there there there there there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and and and and and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here here here here here at College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking talking talking talking talking about emotions or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy happy happy happy happy to have you here. Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as as as as as our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of of of of of loneliness started with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but but but but but I had a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first first first first first year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind kind kind kind kind of came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's It's It's It's It's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for for for for for me to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You You You You You may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made made made made made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at at at at at the Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide provide provide provide provide an exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how how how how how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I I I I I say this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you you you you you in this way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes causes causes causes causes his sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m m m m m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need need need need need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including including including including including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with with with with with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of of of of of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley the the the the the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor to to to to to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls at at at at at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap tap tap tap tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try try try try try and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two episodes on on on on on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy from from from from from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did did did did did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like like like like like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode episode episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. I'll explain explain explain explain explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once you finish finish finish finish finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only is is is is is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to to to to to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I I I I I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true. How much much much much much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show show show show show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's it's it's it's it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening in in in in in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that that that that that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our our our our our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first time time time time time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you hit play play play play play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love for you to to to to to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that that that that that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got a a a a a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a 30 30 30 30 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles titles titles titles titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into today's today's today's today's today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about making authentic authentic authentic authentic authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of Adventures in autism. She She She She She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that enables children children children children children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make friends based on age age age age age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign up to connect connect connect connect connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but if you you you you you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest most efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms and and and and and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app app app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it it it it it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness witness witness witness witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't don't don't don't don't know about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to to to to to work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions questions questions questions questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that that that that that stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under under under under under our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to to to to to start with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a a a a a list yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a a a a a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I I I I I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but but but but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in in in in in this podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life life life life life again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of of of of of the time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I I I I I have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is is is is is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right right right right right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially especially especially especially especially in the Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I I I I I so just tell me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the the the the the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also also also also also sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be be be be be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles singles singles singles singles of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so so so so so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the the the the the key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat mat mat mat mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't don't don't don't don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes splashes splashes splashes splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was was was was was asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? fans fans fans fans Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your your your your your host. I'm not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of of of of of scheduling things. Like I've said today the plan is I you know, I really really really really really struggled over the course of the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk talk talk talk talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your your your your your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys about about about about about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a a a a a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving a a a a a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a customer customer customer customer customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done. Her appointment appointment appointment appointment appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how how how how how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to connect connect connect connect connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would eventually eventually eventually eventually eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for for for for for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who who who who who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your your your your your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of of of of of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was was was was was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation investigation investigation investigation investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way way way way way. But first, let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and and and and and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start start start start start your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You You You You You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in in in in in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a a a a a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of of of of of my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good day day day day day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except it's on earbuds earbuds earbuds earbuds earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some like that's that's that's that's that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've got some great great great great great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your your your your your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case case case case case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you you you you you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen listen listen listen listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you by by by by by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is. It's It's It's It's It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will will will will will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also has a a a a a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone phone phone phone phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in in in in in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to Anchor or or or or or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I I I I I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall wall wall wall wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and and and and and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I I I I I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I I I I I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I came came came came came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Valentine's Valentine's Valentine's Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally think I've trumped his his his his his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because because because because because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide to to to to to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing we're we're we're we're we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on on on on on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by by by by by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if if if if if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may may may may may ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven seven seven seven seven years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Ace Ace Ace Ace Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you you you you you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but but but but but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a a a a a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking six months months months months months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business business business business business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking looking looking looking looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you you you you you know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I I I I I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much of of of of of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, but it it it it it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my my my my my routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate at at at at at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it it it it it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello hello hello hello hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest guest guest guest guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here here here here here for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English English English English English on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our our our our our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the the the the the dominating Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a a a a a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years years years years years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet trumpet trumpet trumpet trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and and and and and the community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become become become become become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the the the the the community of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the the the the the lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody. This is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get get get get get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen listen listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free free free free free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus plus plus plus plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can can can can can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're you're you're you're you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or or or or or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you you you you you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily daily daily daily daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by by by by by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are are are are are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than than than than than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia anesthesia anesthesia anesthesia anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following following following following following reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or or or or or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again Again Again Again Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of of of of of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports sports sports sports sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did did did did did all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the the the the the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the the the the the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those those those those those of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there there there there there were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it it it it it. I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this this this this this is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I I I I I think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is is is is is about the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually actually actually actually actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her her her her her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most most most most most Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets tickets tickets tickets tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you you you you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around around around around around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to to to to to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Crutchfield Crutchfield Crutchfield Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny Jonny Jonny Jonny Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core core core core core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know know know know know what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your your your your your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give give give give give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of of of of of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we we we we we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're They're They're They're They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I I I I I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there there there there there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, was, was, was, was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a a a a a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the SVU SVU SVU SVU SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here with with with with with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the CEO season 21 21 21 21 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great. If you haven't joined joined joined joined joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time that if you find yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization organization organization organization organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three one eight hundred six, six, six, six, six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car car car car car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require require require require require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so so so so so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're you're you're you're you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in in in in in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it it it it it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get get get get get it out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night started was the the the the the day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time time time time time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the the the the the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and and and and and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or or or or or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our last last last last last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought thought thought thought thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload unload unload unload unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from from from from from some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the the the the the first topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such such such such such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice practice practice practice practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts and now proudly proudly proudly proudly proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Lean podcast this week. So So So So So there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's it's it's it's it's me and Rings into music film and books. They will return next week. So it's it's it's it's it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is that I'm recording especially early in in in in in the week this week because I have just been recording a couple of of of of of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you you you you you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got got got got got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try to to to to to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, if if if if if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're We're We're We're We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I I I I I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't don't don't don't don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is is is is is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea one day day day day day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to to to to to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well try try try try try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross gross gross gross gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model model model model model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial financial financial financial financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and we're talking talking talking talking talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's It's It's It's It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire tire tire tire tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay pay pay pay pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake brake brake brake brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all all all all all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and and and and and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what I think think think think think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be be be be be telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to to to to to use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone phone phone phone phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your your your your your podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything everything everything everything everything you need in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type type type type type of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're We're We're We're We're going to talk about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going going going going going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies flies flies flies flies when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows shows shows shows shows a good one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints Saints Saints Saints Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good good good good good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for for for for for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other other other other other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use use use use use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love love love love love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, way, way, way, way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it it it it it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no no no no no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host your content content content content content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have to to to to to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple and and and and and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast in one one one one one place. You have something to say you want to get it out. You want want want want want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone phone phone phone phone and hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we we we we we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple apple apple apple apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually actually actually actually actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in in in in in the more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by by by by by the day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show show show show show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my my my my my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys guys guys guys guys and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my my my my my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid covid covid covid covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and and and and and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen listen listen listen listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to to to to to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us us us us us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka Makka Makka Makka Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening listening listening listening listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us us us us us from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group group group group group of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions deceptions deceptions deceptions deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from from from from from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the the the the the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an an an an an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 over over over over over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood of of of of of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even even even even even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did did did did did you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming coming coming coming coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come to to to to to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? right right right right There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on on on on on this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind kind kind kind kind of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it it it it it crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious serious serious serious serious. So we'll call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were were were were were your roommates and what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a a a a a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what what what what what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we we we we we are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is is is is is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in in in in in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want want want want want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the the the the the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well well well well well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog frog frog frog frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo ammo ammo ammo ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother brother brother brother brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man man man man man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the the the the the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster rap rap rap rap rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough social door door door door door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love love love love love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping down down down down down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it. But now now now now now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those those those those those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature literature literature literature literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it it it it it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is is is is is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really really really really really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also also also also also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people people people people people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week week week week week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for for for for for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks looks looks looks looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome overcome overcome overcome overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live live live live live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength strength strength strength strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them them them them them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can can can can can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help help help help help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically holistically holistically holistically holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind and and and and and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness consultant and and and and and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through through through through through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic magic magic magic magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only only only only only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to to to to to think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice voice voice voice voice of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big big big big big bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big big big big big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a a a a a conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't don't don't don't don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know know know know know you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth truth truth truth truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do do do do do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we we we we we talked it was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how how how how how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today today today today today. I'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I I I I I met let's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard hard hard hard hard to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All All All All All of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we we we we we get together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in in in in in a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the the the the the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met met met met met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to share share share share share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion. I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do do do do do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you you you you you are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we are are are are are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with with with with with taboo. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, man, man, man, man, Friday's tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you you you you you let the freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into into into into into this week's episode. I just want to tell you that this Friday March the the the the the 6th. I will be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next day day day day day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both both both both both of those shows are on the E - a store. I've always wanted to to to to to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue but today on the the the the the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up up up up up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is is is is is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am joined joined joined joined joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream speakers speakers speakers speakers speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it might might might might might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am doing fine fine fine fine fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo Kang now we talked talked talked talked talked for almost two and a A half hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches ches ches ches ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it where he takes takes takes takes takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't quite enough but but but but but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer time and North North North North North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm like, let's figure figure figure figure figure out a time to record what will be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your Your Your Your Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can wake up up up up up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about about about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the the the the the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short short short short short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is is is is is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen listen listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description description description description description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're We're We're We're We're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In In In In In the last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up up up up up and up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over over over over over 3,000 debt and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more more more more more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in in in in in the US just this week the World Health Organization put out an estimate estimate estimate estimate estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point point point point point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just how worried worried worried worried worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based based based based based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going going going going going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career career career career career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my my my my my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this this this this this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel. I love love love love love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm Marky Marky Marky Marky Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 93.1 and good good good good good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen Hazel. And so so so so so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure sure sure sure sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode episode episode episode episode for you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass glass glass glass glass on the ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio audio audio audio audio that is Tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have have have have have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All All All All All right, folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to to to to to let you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's Nick's Nick's Nick's Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin Skin Skin Skin Skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of of of of of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there there there there there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others others others others others for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a a a a a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would would would would would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death death death death death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of of of of of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve from the the the the the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the the the the the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents parents parents parents parents anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some some some some some cases. It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you you you you you never will. It right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought thought thought thought thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is is is is is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us us us us us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in in in in in the description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to to to to to our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who who who who who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your your your your your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be be be be be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother brother brother brother brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so so so so so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to to to to to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that that that that that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I I I I I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is is is is is Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to to to to to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be be be be be discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as as as as as a community will also talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through through through through through our respective creative Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also also also also also be featuring other artists on this podcast as well. If you're interested in in in in in listening to this podcast, be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about gold. Go Go Go Go Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per per per per per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 January January January January January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his his his his his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record high high high high high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now now now now now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites sites sites sites sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience experience experience experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I I I I I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business business business business business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host host host host host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It It It It It was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My My My My My name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the the the the the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just skipped skipped skipped skipped skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true true true true true. We don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest guest guest guest guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just just just just just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great great great great great show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today today today today today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on on on on on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so so so so so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at at at at at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we we we we we can probably Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of of of of of those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we we we we we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship sponsorship sponsorship sponsorship sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool cool cool cool cool. It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week week week week week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on on on on on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to the the the the the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover discover discover discover discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name name name name name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew grew grew grew grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that that that that that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be be be be be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our our our our our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope hope hope hope hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in in in in in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am going going going going going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is 19 verses verses verses verses verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless bless bless bless bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon sermon sermon sermon sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community community community community community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate curate curate curate curate online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club club club club club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of of of of of these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're you're you're you're you're interested in interacting with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and and and and and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about about about about about our club what we do and how you can become a member for for for for for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take take take take take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way way way way way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually actually actually actually actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software software software software software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the the the the the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software software software software software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need need need need need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone phone phone phone phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with with with with with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be be be be be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all know that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors anchors anchors anchors anchors it easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in in in in in one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you you you you you can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools tools tools tools tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound sound sound sound sound popping. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass dead-ass dead-ass dead-ass dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and and and and and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that that that that that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond farewell farewell farewell farewell farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has in in in in in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean mean mean mean mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable as a a a a a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I I I I I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go back to to to to to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this was a good good good good good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there was some some some some some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development goals goals goals goals goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to to to to to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning Planning Planning Planning Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build build build build build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a a a a a population 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the world world world world world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out out out out out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in in in in in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy energy energy energy energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our our our our our show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was was was was was in a transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and and and and and I had been had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was was was was was in my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started started started started started listening to you, I left a really high profile job, and I did and I I I I I started a business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the the the the the ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything anything anything anything anything in my life. And I got so aligned and the business started and and and and and I got everything I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in in in in in a way more than I could have ever asked for no not not not not not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way that I did did did did did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, know, know, know, know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t t t t t have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because because because because because we're just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking walking walking walking walking apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you you you you you ask that question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't don't don't don't don't think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and and and and and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host host host host host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina is available those those those those those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can work towards towards towards towards towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We We We We We have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit suit suit suit suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen seen seen seen seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think think think think think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a a a a a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed dialed dialed dialed dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are are are are are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me me me me me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, again, again, again, again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything anything anything anything anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode episode episode episode episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys guys guys guys guys today. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's it's it's it's it's actually going to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on on on on on the schedule. Brian is in a meeting and we need to get you a a a a a preview. So we're going to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A A A A A lot of people consider this to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on on on on on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know know know know know what happened last time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good good good good good at the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is is is is is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk talk talk talk talk about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is a a a a a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and and and and and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can can can can can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good good good good good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded on another another another another another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can Be Be Be Be Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make make make make make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right right right right right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would would would would would be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during during during during during wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal meal meal meal meal with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead forehead forehead forehead forehead as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up up up up up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge bridge bridge bridge bridge came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to to to to to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning morning morning morning morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little little little little little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about a a a a a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala the the the the the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene was one one one one one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the top top top top top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the the the the the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's it's it's it's it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is I I I I I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and it's awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to be we're we're we're we're we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? Because Because Because Because Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited excited excited excited excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell tell tell tell tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is is is is is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to to to to to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give give give give give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little little little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We We We We We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many many many many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f f f f f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to to to to to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go go go go go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off off off off off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for for for for for new segment where we try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office office office office office is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has has has has has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part part part part part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in in in in in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write write write write write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside inside inside inside inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start start start start start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need need need need need to dig around in there and then I do get if I say, you you you you you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at at at at at me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a a a a a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host host host host host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and and and and and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of of of of of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't complain complain complain complain complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come come come come come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the goal is for for for for for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me try to to to to to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start out as a meme between between between between between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were just talking talking talking talking talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you you you you you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline offline offline offline offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and and and and and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done done done done done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a a a a a regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have have have have have had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one one one one one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the the the the the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig gig gig gig gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account. I I I I I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the the the the the sounds of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your your your your your demise is it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in in in in in your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination imagination imagination imagination imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display in El El El El El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes them back back back back back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about about about about about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week week week week week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I I I I I not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and and and and and it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I I I I I know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so so so so so there are days that you can make it and days. You just can't make make make make make it. And that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't don't don't don't don't want you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout workout workout workout workout that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of of of of of in the first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded well-rounded well-rounded well-rounded well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or computer. Anchor would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify app a podcast and many many more you can make money money money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Wade Wade Wade Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's Slovakia's Slovakia's Slovakia's Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and and and and and second century BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat combat combat combat combat outfits of all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode episode episode episode episode and want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast cast cast cast cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like Like Like Like Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and and and and and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Unfortunately, Martin Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have have have have have a thing we can actually go through but we do have is people with with with with with jarring accents. They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host host host host host Tom Walsh and I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking talking talking talking talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has been been been been been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app and it's it's it's it's it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given a lot of teens teens teens teens teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those teams you might might might might might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so a song song song song song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? Lottery Lottery Lottery Lottery So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a a a a a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This This This This This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible horrible horrible horrible horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the bad editing editing editing editing editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent news news news news news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest rest rest rest rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks blocks blocks blocks blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them them them them them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to to to to to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is is is is is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change change change change change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and and and and and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on on on on on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out out out out out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free free free free free today. Summary of the one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise promise promise promise promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a a a a a single hour. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly how to to to to to formulate your plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a a a a a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet feet feet feet feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch porch porch porch porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice nice nice nice nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person person person person person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated floated floated floated floated out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on on on on on watching the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against against against against against the current. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it it it it it. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again again again again again after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and and and and and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi Romi Romi Romi Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on on on on on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like like like like like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two two two two two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us us us us us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives. I I I I I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably probably probably probably probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes scenes scenes scenes scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth myth myth myth myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of my favorite scenes scenes scenes scenes scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we we we we we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift through more more more more more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point point point point point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought we we we we we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want to be be be be be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions and we'll go from from from from from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did the whole sort of of of of of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I did like did Miami Miami Miami Miami Miami and then sort of come back round again and went into they had one one one one one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in in in in in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a a a a a special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? there there there there My name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored honored honored honored honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I I I I I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like like like like like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I I I I I just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to to to to to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company company company company company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full full full full full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the the the the the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is is is is is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got got got got got a good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news news news news news from the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Yacht Yacht Yacht Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A A A A A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I I I I I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High High High High High cuz he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me me me me me the horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other other other other other reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take take take take take him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then then then then then we make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of of of of of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny funny funny funny funny one our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a a a a a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD ELD ELD ELD ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this week's week's week's week's week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming up. So So So So So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week one week of of of of of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, March, March, March, March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished finished finished finished finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just have have have have have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for a class that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've finished our our our our our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was like the most most most most most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of the way especially especially especially especially especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys guys guys guys guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists artists artists artists artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a a a a a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to to to to to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to to to to to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps apps apps apps apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so so so so so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there there there there there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's let's let's let's let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice advice advice advice advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so so so so so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to since since since since since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax tax tax tax tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I don't don't don't don't don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, we we we we we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty cool cool cool cool cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool cool cool cool cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after after after after after show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one. I'm so so so so so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do this out do do do do do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love. I have Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school. So like like like like like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your your your your your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like like like like like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for months before before before before before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and and and and and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will will will will will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all all all all all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's it's it's it's it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you you you you you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check check check check check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Mental Mental Mental Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for our our our our our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school one one one one one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of my my my my my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she saw saw saw saw saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I was was was was was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as as as as as I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just just just just just Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time time time time time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today today today today today. I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And And And And And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not not not not not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman woman woman woman woman that was in our life and so important to many of us and I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I I I I I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that that that that that we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and and and and and the Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to to to to to kind of join me not just with the people that have passed away in in in in in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's That's That's That's That's exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode episode episode episode episode that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan scan scan scan scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this this this this this follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a a a a a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented presented presented presented presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not not not not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm Molly Molly Molly Molly Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about how how how how how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling a a a a a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel feel feel feel feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much time time time time time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other other other other other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are are are are are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one one one one one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's mom's mom's mom's mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on on on on on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same same same same same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just gulped water water water water water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around around around around around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic woman woman woman woman woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her her her her her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England a a a a a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born with no arms arms arms arms arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just a kid kid kid kid kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try to to to to to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on on on on on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real real real real real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, Actually, it's quite the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability ability ability ability ability to continue to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to to to to to serve as a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way way way way way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons the music music music music music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a big big big big big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose loose loose loose loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've we've we've we've we've got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it it it it it just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye ye ye ye ye introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously people at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second second second second second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great great great great great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I I I I I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool cool cool cool cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away away away away away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like like like like like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply of some some some some some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do some testimonials testimonials testimonials testimonials testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the puff and Steph Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and just tell us why you you you you you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop stop stop stop stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to see how how how how how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that that that that that it helps with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love love love love love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope is is is is is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right right right right right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach approach approach approach approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life life life life life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is is is is is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon Cannon Cannon Cannon Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need need need need need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that day day day day day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending messages messages messages messages messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of of of of of the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I I I I I wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that that that that that shit, but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when when when when when I should talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special special special special special but why not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school school school school school that made me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school school school school school. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and and and and and empowerment to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz Diaz Diaz Diaz Diaz and you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less less less less less common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still still still still still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is is is is is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a a a a a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say say say say say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I I I I I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen seen seen seen seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us us us us us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be be be be be hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it it it it it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk talk talk talk talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am am am am am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one one one one one of the the first like not real episode, but kind of now now now now now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just just just just just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode episode episode episode episode is all about the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real real real real real quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and and and and and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick quick quick quick quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we we we we we came up with what we what we have found to be true and we've we've we've we've we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. That's exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor for many reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't have to to to to to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and and and and and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual and and and and and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of of of of of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want want want want want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on all all all all all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing meditation meditation meditation meditation meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a a a a a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's It's It's It's It's okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just just just just just keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got got got got got it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first first first first first episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is is is is is we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train train train train train hit us - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things things things things things the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the entire. I I I I I did not we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back back back back back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted by its most by Mitchell Mitchell Mitchell Mitchell Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a a a a a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a a a a a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a a a a a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same same same same same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of of of of of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want to to to to to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last last last last last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more more more more more on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here here here here here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really really really really really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we we we we we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with with with with with David Starr co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry Perry Perry Perry Perry. Thanks is he? All right. So how you find in six from the moment moment moment moment moment because we haven't really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, far, far, far, far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been been been been been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one one one one one thing that I've you know kind of felt happy about is like, you you you you you know people, you know accepting me for who I am because yeah, you you you you you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just Just Just Just Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what what what what what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what what what what what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing thing thing thing thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care care care care care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am am am am am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time time time time time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to to to to to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire sapphire sapphire sapphire sapphire at gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear hear hear hear hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections selections selections selections selections. We're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the the the the the meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five five five five five to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then then then then then we've got my pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during during during during during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main main main main main Market while I was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be be be be be up there because they've got probably the best form of all the horses in in in in in the race. She skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for for for for for loans and being free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over over over over over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is is is is is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got got got got got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game game game game game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll poll poll poll poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is is is is is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it it it it it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going to end end end end end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season coming up and and and and and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so I hope you you you you you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had a long week week week week week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on Saturday. And then then then then then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night night night night night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside inside inside inside inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this week week week week week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai the woman woman woman woman woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a a a a a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full full full full full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would would would would would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that that that that that I'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic basic basic basic basic science of the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the the the the the sanity to the conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic electronic electronic electronic electronic discourse that goes About it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of of of of of Buzz right now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, severe, severe, severe, severe, you know response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to to to to to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics topics topics topics topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of of of of of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what what what what what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them them them them them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with with with with with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar at at at at at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us today. We We We We We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to preview preview preview preview preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's it's it's it's it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but but but but but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is is is is is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where where where where where the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a a a a a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was was was was was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof roof roof roof roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably probably probably probably probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number number number number number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there there there there there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what what what what what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also also also also also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids Aids Aids Aids Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state state state state state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back back back back back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged charged charged charged charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen Listen Listen Listen Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym gym gym gym gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed landed landed landed landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about about about about about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity extremity extremity extremity extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where where where where where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have have have have have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter quarter quarter quarter quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically physically physically physically physically introduced to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They They They They They just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, mechanics, mechanics, mechanics, mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today today today today today in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's He's He's He's He's an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya sahitya Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine mine mine mine mine and there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he he he he he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you you you you you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need need need need need to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till till till till till now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you you you you you will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you you you you you have got this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day day day day day. This is your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and and and and and I'll be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In In In In In the meantime. Go for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production production production production production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much much much much much for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and and and and and that you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So So So So So hopefully I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So So So So So today's episode is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is is is is is a fellow Irishman the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I I I I I have followed on social media for a long while now. I'd actually heard heard heard heard heard of this guest back on another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was was was was was training for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy like what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He He He He He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we we we we we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Street Street Street Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It It It It It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we have have have have have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I I I I I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying to to to to to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good good good good good for one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off off off off off and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably probably probably probably probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed emailed emailed emailed emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like like like like like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go go go go go back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage garage garage garage garage. Yeah, it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as as as as as fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or or or or or is that just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's It's It's It's It's like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I I I I I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your your your your your children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to to to to to create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a a a a a social media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & & & & & 2 and I am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids kids kids kids kids ages 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and and and and and life tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the the the the the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a high five and that is that I have have have have have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from from from from from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a a a a a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world world world world world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in in in in in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine fine fine fine fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time time time time time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked talked talked talked talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this this this this this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, which is is is is is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a a a a a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go go go go go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially officially officially officially officially unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and and and and and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or or or or or are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was yours? yours yours yours yours I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can can can can can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and and and and and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot lot lot lot lot of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some some some some some of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few few few few few minutes and then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first first first first first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that that that that that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm not not not not not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we we we we we try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life life life life life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets sets sets sets sets and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and and and and and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it it it it it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about about about about about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in in in in in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of of of of of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed changed changed changed changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we we we we we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill fill fill fill fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies homies homies homies homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad sad sad sad sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a a a a a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? guess guess guess guess Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend. We're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this this this this this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If If If If If you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article article article article article on his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin as a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read read read read read and then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is is is is is surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But But But But But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're we're we're we're we're here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo demo demo demo demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Brees Brees Brees Brees Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC AFC AFC AFC AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game game game game game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo demo demo demo demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to to to to to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because because because because because well quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today today today today today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat fat fat fat fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing citing citing citing citing a material change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell Powell Powell Powell Powell basically indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain contain contain contain contain. It will surely way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some some some some some time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we we we we we said about the FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market market market market market. The question that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you reference reference reference reference reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning jawboning jawboning jawboning jawboning. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 16 16 16 16 today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the the the the the do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are are are are are in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight delight delight delight delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God God God God God their drink offerings of blood. I will not offer nor take their names names names names names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup cup cup cup cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, Yea, Yea, Yea, Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner winner winner winner winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's up? Everybody? Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru Guru Guru Guru Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is up up up up up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, Back, Back, Back, Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody to talk talk talk talk talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden to to to to to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many many many many many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a a a a a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a a a a a traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's It's It's It's It's one of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study study study study study they did with two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave gave gave gave gave it a slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other other other other other Mouse when they gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it it it it it could hit where it could get out of the cage. The interesting thing thing thing thing thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick shout-out and and and and and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my podcast and and and and and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a a a a a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the the the the the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how how how how how do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like like like like like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from from from from from my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple simple simple simple simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your your your your your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free free free free free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make make make make make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You You You You You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to to to to to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App App App App App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything Everything Everything Everything Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep Keep Keep Keep Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do do do do do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f f f f f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from from from from from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the the the the the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master Master Master Master Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 22 22 22 22 save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Josh Josh Josh Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be talking talking talking talking talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy juicy juicy juicy juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy energy energy energy energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to to to to to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Energy Energy Energy Energy Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in our world world world world world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest greatest greatest greatest greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired tired tired tired tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this this this this this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all all all all all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me me me me me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you you you you you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with with with with with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my my my my my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name name name name name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old old old old old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? name name name name Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like like like like like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and and and and and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and and and and and trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm headed the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad glad glad glad glad you're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the the the the the weekend or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you you you you you know, you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they they they they they appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make make make make make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a a a a a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very very very very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload upload upload upload upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What What What What What is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first first first first first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are are are are are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to to to to to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That That That That That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it it it it it go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will will will will will distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a a a a a bunch more places. You don't have to do anything but post it to to to to to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can can can can can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money money money money money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying saying saying saying saying is it's everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to to to to to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary scary scary scary scary proposition last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage in the first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the the the the the girl told him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a a a a a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the the the the the two parties got married, but within a month my friend found out that she she she she she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and and and and and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining to to to to to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine to determine your your your your your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an important topic topic topic topic topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny or how how how how how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of what they would would would would would like and as a man this is important to your success. This is ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want to become become become become become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general general general general general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the deal deal deal deal deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot sit sit sit sit sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very well well well well well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to explain so so so so so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this this this this this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the the the the the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit bit bit bit bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we we we we we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to to to to to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not not not not not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our our our our our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last last last last last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want to to to to to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself myself myself myself myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got our our our our our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so so so so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there there there there there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die die die die die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was was was was was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man man man man man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison and and and and and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of of of of of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his his his his his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences conferences conferences conferences conferences here at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do do do do do something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers teachers teachers teachers teachers if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going going going going going to pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're they're they're they're they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in in in in in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another another another another another official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two two two two two Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share share share share share with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in in in in in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit bit bit bit bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of of of of of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through through through through through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film was was was was was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they voluntarily undergo undergo undergo undergo undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it for for for for for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and and and and and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship ship ship ship ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good good good good good Echo the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into into into into into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all all all all all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom bedroom bedroom bedroom bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, starter, starter, starter, starter, we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their their their their their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening listening listening listening listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and and and and and professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of of of of of humor follow him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this this this this this is Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am am am am am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the the the the the jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, man, man, man, man, what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in in in in in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We We We We We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We We We We We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can can can can can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means you can learn learn learn learn learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide hide hide hide hide in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the the the the the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends legends legends legends legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic graphic graphic graphic graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal animal animal animal animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe believe believe believe believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this is is is is is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets. We We We We We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well as fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be beneficial to to to to to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the the the the the last week and a half thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed headed headed headed headed and what we're looking to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you you you you you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading trading trading trading trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be about about about about about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account. So So So So So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur if if if if if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off my my my my my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was only only only only only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do do do do do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could could could could could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say say say say say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back back back back back to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing losing losing losing losing games to pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college college college college college basketball for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day day day day day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March March March March March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild wild wild wild wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players players players players players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr Dr Dr Dr Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love love love love love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each each each each each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for for for for for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks looks looks looks looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest biggest biggest biggest biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich rich rich rich rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks seeks seeks seeks seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills skills skills skills skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as as as as as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on on on on on this Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you you you you you know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did did did did did not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to to to to to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do do do do do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the the the the the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I I I I I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use use use use use. It's an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool tool tool tool tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it it it it it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you you you you you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started started started started started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited excited excited excited excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale Vale Vale Vale Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song song song song song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it did did did did did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of all time, time, time, time, time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all when when when when when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's my my my my my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the the the the the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to to to to to give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I I I I I wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in in in in in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the joy joy joy joy joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making making making making making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event event event event event because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one one one one one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better better better better better off if they made a book at least once in their life, right right right right right Holly. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep keep keep keep keep making those books. We need more books in the world. All our books books books books books are disappearing and it's all going digital and we just don't have have have have have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just just just just just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure sure sure sure sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no no no no no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works out great, great, great, great, great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of your pocket, pocket, pocket, pocket, pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. There's creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any other podcast Creator Creator Creator Creator Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to to to to to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young Our Our Our Our Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted to to to to to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a a a a a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super important important important important important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Buckley Buckley Buckley Buckley Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking to to to to to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health health health health health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have have have have have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people as as as as as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for us to be be be be be together and for me to answer your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have have have have have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little frustrating when when when when when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I am genuinely genuinely genuinely genuinely genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five five five five five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson by day day day day day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car. Please. Join Join Join Join Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have have have have have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and and and and and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't can't can't can't can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is is is is is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest on on on on on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things things things things things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? today today today today Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say rough rough rough rough rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to to to to to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so so so so so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is is is is is all about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me me me me me. Started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you you you you you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for for for for for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release release release release release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget forget forget forget forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened listened listened listened listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in in in in in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, gym, gym, gym, gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but I'm not not not not not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled music and and and and and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will will will will will come up and you don't know what that's going to be or when it it it it it will be but it just happens after you listen to it for a while and and and and and then when you actually then go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when when when when when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally in the music music music music music. So those little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues issues issues issues issues related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment environment environment environment environment our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of of of of of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis crisis crisis crisis crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its its its its its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic topic topic topic topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's He's He's He's He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the the the the the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a a a a a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I I I I I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer computer computer computer computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast. You don't don't don't don't don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and and and and and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast. I love love love love love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning morning morning morning morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few few few few few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some some some some some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of of of of of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your your your your your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to orient and just just just just just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do do do do do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need need need need need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the the the the the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk talk talk talk talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth wealth wealth wealth wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that that that that that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account account account account account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name name name name name is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we we we we we hear talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not not not not not very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you you you you you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I I I I I when we grew up so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 3 3 3 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was was was was was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they they they they they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real real real real real stories from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister minister minister minister minister at st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Ana Ana Ana Ana Fuentes. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California California California California California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a a a a a super special episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like like like like like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh for sure for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually actually actually actually actually have a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do do do do do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things things things things things lent. We're going to do some things that are a little different from from from from from what we usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know Know Know Know Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you you you you you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles principles principles principles principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to understand understand understand understand understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical radical radical radical radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also also also also also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder householder householder householder householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also also also also also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do Do Do Do Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do do do do do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live live live live live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training training training training training your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in in in in in this is the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour one-hour one-hour one-hour one-hour show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, onions, onions, onions, onions, and I've Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working working working working working and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my my my my my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for estheticians. And those those those those those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective. We're diving into into into into into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from from from from from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the the the the the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today today today today today. So we have gathered a few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so so so so so we can ensure we're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles Chronicles. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly will will will will will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this article article article article article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's kids belong and and and and and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have have have have have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you you you you you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and and and and and the video as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're we're we're we're we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about about about about about nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music music music music music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that that that that that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all the the the the the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about about about about about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen listen listen listen listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music music music music music Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to to to to to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for for for for for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for for for for for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the the the the the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this this this this this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name name name name name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger Roger Roger Roger Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday holiday holiday holiday holiday in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted thrusted thrusted thrusted thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I I I I I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your your your your your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool tool tool tool tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So make make make make make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in hat. Get Get Get Get Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you you you you you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth Teeth Teeth Teeth Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus plus plus plus plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at at at at at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green green green green green and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that that that that that was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll be seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions versions versions versions versions of loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form form form form form quite a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it it it it it looks like we're getting at least two versions so will be fun to see see see see see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the the the the the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to see in the comments comments comments comments comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your daily dose of of of of of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 1 1 1 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with with with with with your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk talk talk talk talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had had had had had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on on on on on and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Its Its Its Its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to to to to to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and and and and and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are are are are are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but but but but but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're you're you're you're you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to to to to to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Right Right Right Right Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in in in in in a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale for for for for for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want to listen listen listen listen listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and True Crime Crime Crime Crime Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On On On On On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day day day day day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was was was was was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby baby baby baby baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to be a Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one back after Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses. Just let's let's let's let's let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came back to to to to to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest with with with with with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt a void missing missing missing missing missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot of people have have have have have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? what-what what-what what-what what-what Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what what what what what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is is is is is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going going going going going on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more more more more more than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season season season season season. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me me me me me just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay okay okay okay okay so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get get get get get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to talk talk talk talk talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily daily daily daily daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live live live live live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So So So So So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our Our Our Our Our inner self is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is is is is is preparing for us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things things things things things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that that that that that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first first first first first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you you you you you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely completely completely completely completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money from from from from from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones ones ones ones ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you you you you you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download download download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor anchor for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All All All All All right, this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're we're we're we're we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast and and and and and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make make make make make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like like like like like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA LA LA LA LA Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? up up up up What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like like like like like them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top top top top top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has has has has has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a while and and and and and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and we we we we we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few older older older older older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. And if we we we we we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations recording recording recording recording recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to do. So, So, So, So, So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you you you you you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then then then then then down the line move very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions that that that that that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower wildflower wildflower wildflower wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find find find find find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab grab grab grab grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us us us us us for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and and and and and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part part part part part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our our our our our family. Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of of of of of our family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank thank thank thank thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to to to to to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to to to to to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear it it it it it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me every every every every every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium premium premium premium premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus plus plus plus plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download download download download download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening listening listening listening listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me me me me me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of of of of of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer answer answer answer answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because because because because because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard hard hard hard hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into into into into into this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which which which which which I know better than to do but I just kind of got caught in in in in in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something something something something something to me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has has has has has been so powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for for for for for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too too too too too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have have have have have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up up up up up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're we're we're we're we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually usually usually usually usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Master Master Master Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard heard heard heard heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with with with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help help help help help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and and and and and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding defrauding defrauding defrauding defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He He He He He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of of of of of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but but but but but you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help help help help help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two two two two two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the the the the the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for the the the the the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you you you you you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I I I I I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in in in in in this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food food food food food money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads heads heads heads heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as as as as as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook cook cook cook cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to to to to to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically basically basically basically basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like subletting subletting subletting subletting subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then they the the the the the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and and and and and she just like got right and did not try to get to know me me me me me at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And And And And And I was like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we we we we we got 48 minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes got right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess guess guess guess guess I feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what what what what what you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't don't don't don't don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about about about about about God's word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply deeply deeply deeply deeply on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of of of of of meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you you you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So So So So So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with with with with with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening listening listening listening listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with with with with with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about about about about about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers. We're We're We're We're We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and and and and and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the the the the the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not not not not not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because because because because because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm warm warm warm warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with with with with with me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out out out out out the trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite polite polite polite polite. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money money money money money comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I I I I I feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's let's let's let's let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a a a a a month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where where where where where I'm like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's That's That's That's That's stupid. I don't know why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why Why Why Why Why do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people people people people people that are way outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a a a a a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist strategist strategist strategist strategist business mentor and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and and and and and this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's It's It's It's It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it it it it it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if if if if if you want to say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro intro intro intro intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind kind kind kind kind of figuring out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long long long long long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind kind kind kind kind of nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home home home home home base for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would would would would would always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this this this this this all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's What's What's What's What's up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good good good good good day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke woke woke woke woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out out out out out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like like like like like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then then then then then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with with with with with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh oh oh oh oh for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? now now now now I just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching munching munching munching munching on some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness sickness sickness sickness sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how how how how how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up up up up up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which which which which which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions directions directions directions directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are are are are are free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for for for for for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot dot dot dot dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode of of of of of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you so so so so so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a name name name name name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind of of of of of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast at Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I might might might might might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement supplement supplement supplement supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's it's it's it's it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick yardstick coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily daily daily daily daily drink magazine. We tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, company, company, company, company, but also is also a co-working space where people can come and even even even even even record here. We have a number of people who record here as well. Now if you you you you you are enjoying the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games games games games games or let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this this this this this like this video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that that that that that helps a lot. If you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also also also also also do leave a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, so, so, so, so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools tools tools tools tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create create create create create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash slash slash slash slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being being being being being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure treasure treasure treasure treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of of of of of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of of of of of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to to to to to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted extorted extorted extorted extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These These These These These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them them them them them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show show show show show in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special special special special special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales Rosales Rosales Rosales Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the the the the the Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off off off off off now growing into bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or or or or or joy. Joined with rather a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What What What What What up? What up? My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall recall recall recall recall punks. You can find us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I I I I I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy easy easy easy easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a a a a a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just just just just just got done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and and and and and man it was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail detail detail detail detail about that here soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? you you you you Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me me me me me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I I I I I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment moment moment moment moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on such such such such such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home both Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just just just just just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so so so so so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you you you you you taking the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I I I I I do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to to to to to the day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in a hard hard hard hard hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me me me me me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what are are are are are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to impact to to to to to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics politics politics politics politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its its its its its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So So So So So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone phone phone phone phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's let's let's let's let's bow again. So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and and and and and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by by by by by Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I I I I I know that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this this this this this country needs is a king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we we we we we need a monarch with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some some some some some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would would would would would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a a a a a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a a a a a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, decision, decision, decision, decision, right? So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is is is is is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on on on on on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your your your your your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one one one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started started started started started is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to to to to to get the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's here's here's here's here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free free free free free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in one place. You You You You You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it it it it it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme theme theme theme theme song that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you you you you you can check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've you've you've you've you've ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place place place place place I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and and and and and get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the the the the the button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other other other other other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from from from from from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can can can can can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped helped helped helped helped me with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of of of of of a better place to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It It It It It doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can can can can can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an an an an an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give give give give give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be be be be be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set set set set set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven seven seven seven seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to to to to to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought thought thought thought thought why don't I give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips tips tips tips tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to to to to to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow follow follow follow follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you you you you you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery battery battery battery battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing thing thing thing thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow Ludlow Ludlow Ludlow Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community community community community community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something something something something something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go go go go go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit bit bit bit bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for for for for for. So let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values values values values values that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old old old old old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other other other other other Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary scary scary scary scary stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban urban urban urban urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name name name name name is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, you can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode episode episode episode episode comes out, you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever forever forever forever forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode episode episode episode episode of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to to to to to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in in in in in the world that are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this this this this this week in American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you you you you you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish as always with with with with with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to you by the cash yet freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the the the the the other not the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way way way way way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that what was it the cash cash cash cash cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to to to to to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on on on on on my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we we we we we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business and on today's today's today's today's today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are releasing an episode episode episode episode episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting a an SEO SEO SEO SEO SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to be able able able able able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search engine engine engine engine engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a a a a a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on on on on on for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts keep keep keep keep keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created and it's it's it's it's it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the the the the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk talk talk talk talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I I I I I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in in in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to to to to to the podcast is the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And And And And And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the the the the the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so so so so so good and how well for starters it's free and their creation creation creation creation creation tools that let you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer and anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more more more more more. So if you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than than than than than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks Fricks Fricks Fricks Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we we we we we can to kind of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Colton Colton Colton Colton Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where where where where where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant relevant relevant relevant relevant. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank thank thank thank thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 70 70 70 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Hai Hai Hai Hai Zindagi Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make make make make make the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Ed Ed Ed Ed Makai time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about about about about about gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about about about about about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is is is is is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in in in in in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of of of of of the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article article article article article that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core core core core core logic data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and and and and and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for for for for for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for joining joining joining joining joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We We We We We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of of of of of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy Amy Amy Amy Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I I I I I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece piece piece piece piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it it it it it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that that that that that people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in in in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio audio audio audio audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this this this this this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that that that that that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let Let Let Let Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today today today today today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different different different different different most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what what what what what we want to do at least until a few decades in we go through through through through through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one one one one one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the the the the the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please please please please please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help help help help help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we we we we we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March March March March March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success Success Success Success Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when when when when when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing doing doing doing doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be be be be be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in in in in in our 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about about about about about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, today, today, today, today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I I I I I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to to to to to this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for for for for for 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got got got got got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than than than than than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say say say say say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and and and and and mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son son son son son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may may may may may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what is is is is is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father in in in in in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts Starts Starts Starts Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show show show show show. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And And And And And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama drama drama drama drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the the the the the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class class class class class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present present present present present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I I I I I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some some some some some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because because because because because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way way way way way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk talk about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done done done done done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We We We We We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from from from from from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's like like like like like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back back back back back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth Ruth Ruth Ruth Ruth from ACC media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Luke Luke Luke Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk talk talk talk talk about All Things New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC ACC ACC ACC ACC this year. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay okay okay okay okay. We've been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you you you you you guys. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so so so so so I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years years years years years. Then I moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each each each each each episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn learn learn learn learn tools that you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you you you you you or a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed licensed licensed licensed licensed professional counselor and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO CBO CBO CBO CBO of an online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples couples couples couples couples and disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do do do do do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Tata Tata Tata Tata Institute of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to to to to to the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current current current current current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting conducting conducting conducting conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan on on on on on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a a a a a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter laughter laughter laughter laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range range range range range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest contest contest contest contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will will will will will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're well well well well well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this week with with with with with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really surprising when you think think think think think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good at that and then someone asks asks asks asks asks you a question and you go always like that. I think I'm good at that that that that that or the time actually good at that so I have been challenged this this this this this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels feels feels feels feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you your instinct instinct instinct instinct instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't want to to to to to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy easy easy easy easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go go go go go to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 O8 O8 O8 O8 I said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of of of of of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and and and and and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded loaded loaded loaded loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a really really really really really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that that that that that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event event event event event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business business business business business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at at at at at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly credibly credibly credibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating procrastinating procrastinating procrastinating procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally totally totally totally totally free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no no no no no minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make make make make make a podcast in one place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it it it it it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you follow me me me me me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I post post post post post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God. And And And And And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at real life scenarios scenarios scenarios scenarios scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking very specific scriptures scriptures scriptures scriptures scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this is that as we we we we we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we will our our our our our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am so convinced and and and and and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's How's How's How's How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of of of of of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you you you you you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole whole whole whole whole bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just just just just just to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take take take take take it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to to to to to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week week week week week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend there there there there there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah had had had had had a good time in general so good to be back right now and let's start off off off off off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and he says says says says says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the second I I I I I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick quick quick quick quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I was was was was was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a boot boot boot boot boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not operating operating operating operating operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning Monday morning, morning, morning, morning, morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on on on on on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let let let let let you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and and and and and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even even even even even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to to to to to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F F F F F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back back back back back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do do do do do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so good like like like like like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy voices just just just just just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you may know know know know know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like hanging cling cling cling cling cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their their their their their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat on and like the first first first first first note of the first song He's already got the mic out of the mics and and and and and it has got the mic stand up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you you you you you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of of of of of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over over over over over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years years years years years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton Newton Newton Newton Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and and and and and told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood hood hood hood hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the the the the the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their their their their their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they they they they they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to to to to to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's player's player's player's player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today today today today today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and and and and and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say say say say say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Louisville Louisville Louisville Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today today today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal personal personal personal personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting commuting commuting commuting commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours hours hours hours hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best best best best best job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do do do do do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my my my my my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me be be be be be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's nice to be be be be be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm excited about that because it's it's it's it's it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to say that I I I I I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every now and then and and and and and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't quite sure. I I I I I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for quite some time time time time time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big big big big big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely making a a a a a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you you you you you who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Keegan Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the the the the the field of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will will will will will be after listening to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an an an an an overview of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for for for for for the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for for for for for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you you you you you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do we we we we we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, us, us, us, us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people like like like like like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of a a a a a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession profession profession profession profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something something something something something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or brother's brother's brother's brother's brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We We We We We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane insane insane insane insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll see see see see see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up up up up up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on on on on on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with ish ish ish ish ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's back back back back back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another few months months months months months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You You You You You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have to to to to to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's good good good good good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it it it it it loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits merits merits merits merits are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to to to to to another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your your your your your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My My My My My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you you you you you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other other other other other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why why why why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want want want want want to go look it up there and see the video version of these these these these these you can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind kind kind kind kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s 10s 10s 10s 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about the American American American American American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has has has has has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a a a a a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise comprise comprise comprise comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from from from from from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do do do do do good a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other other other other other person. Welcome to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name name name name name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships friendships friendships friendships friendships for filing the kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We We We We We talked about intentionality and last week we talked about it. Chastity and this week week week week week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're talking about a surprise. But But But But But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have a joke joke joke joke joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in in in in in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when and and and and and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me at least help help help help help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 years now. I've I've I've I've I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing home from from from from from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New York York York York York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which is really where where where where where I wanted to be I was able to sit with people for longer periods periods periods periods periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able to to to to to see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes and you're working in in in in in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between between between between between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they've they've they've they've they've been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This is is is is is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let let let let let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have have have have have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and and and and and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make make make make make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading reading reading reading reading and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for for for for for it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is is is is is to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to to to to to make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near near near near near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read well-read well-read well-read well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to to to to to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our our our our our members this year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the the the the the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana bhavana bhavana bhavana bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best best best best best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take on on on on on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're We're We're We're We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect on on on on on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and and and and and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of PB and and and and and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity of of of of of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is is is is is because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I was doing doing doing doing doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in a a a a a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with with with with with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love love love love love them to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges challenges challenges challenges challenges the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from from from from from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and the hard hard hard hard hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was was was was was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I I I I I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me my friends friends friends friends friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book book book book book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining retaining retaining retaining retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re re re re re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I I I I I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people people people people people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information information information information information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed filmed filmed filmed filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking taking taking taking taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have have have have have all of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our our our our our heart. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and and and and and I are just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So So So So So we're just going to tell you what we would hope that we would do do do do do in these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you you you you you what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some some some some some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So So So So So without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with with with with with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand new new new new new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until then there's another another another another another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and it's it's it's it's it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist columnist columnist columnist columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated complicated complicated complicated complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question in in in in in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom mom mom mom mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new new new new new person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters Letters Letters Letters Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at at at at at ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights insights insights insights insights on a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to to to to to hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different different different different different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at at at at at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved to to to to to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in in in in in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out out out out out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to to to to to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball good good good good good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a lot lot lot lot lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so so so so so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you for for for for for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show number number number number number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just just just just just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host host host host host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be be be be be real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk talk talk talk talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them them them them them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take you you you you you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because because because because because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage Savage Savage Savage Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short Short Short Short Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on on on on on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that that that that that I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 18 18 18 18 months of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the the the the the finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of of of of of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New New New New New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only only only only only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of of of of of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on on on on on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their their their their their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative alternative alternative alternative alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are are are are are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where where where where where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers managers managers managers managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of Haven Haven Haven Haven Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture capture capture capture capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the Healthcare Community Community Community Community Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is a senior senior senior senior senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science people and design design design design design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had an impressive career transfer transfer transfer transfer transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of your career path path path path path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe safe safe safe safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me me me me me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold gold gold gold gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and and and and and the love we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and and and and and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs parents parents parents parents parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be talking talking talking talking talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to your your your your your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the the the the the word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning meaning meaning meaning meaning equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry angry angry angry angry speech was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or or or or or Italian term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not not not not not to be confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance importance importance importance importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, However, However, However, However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum momentum momentum momentum momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode of of of of of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat chat chat chat chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's It's It's It's It's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I I I I I got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and and and and and just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's It's It's It's It's going on. It's a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is is is is is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of of of of of the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're They're They're They're They're not going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their their their their their wit's This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands wands wands wands wands. When Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So So So So So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a a a a a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but but but but but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, know, know, know, know, I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this this this this this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups groups groups groups groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual individual individual individual individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I I I I I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a a a a a DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is is is is is pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just just just just just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show me me me me me a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an an an an an audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back back back back back and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going to to to to to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll be a a a a a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for for for for for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most most most most most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So So So So So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as as as as as my last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind kind kind kind kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could could could could could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since since since since since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about about about about about it and so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars bars bars bars bars lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and and and and and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and and and and and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your your your your your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in in in in in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this this this this this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will will will will will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online online online online online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the the the the the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to to to to to make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a a a a a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make money money money money money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank you you you you you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking of of of of of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise the the the the the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even one episode episode episode episode episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and and and and and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound sound sound sound sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is is is is is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole life life life life life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle of a a a a a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's all all all all all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to to to to to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to to to to to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council Council Council Council Council for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit visit visit visit visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this this this this this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British British British British British Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to to to to to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working working working working working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and and and and and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina Kina Kina Kina Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? patreon patreon patreon patreon Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on on on on on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let Let Let Let Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of other other other other other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it easy with with with with with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Honestly Honestly Honestly Honestly Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for for for for for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for March March March March March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked fucked fucked fucked fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night night night night night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I I I I I don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of ran ran ran ran ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my my my my my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night night night night night and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about about about about about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what what what what what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property property property property property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new new new new new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense expense expense expense expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we we we we we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if if if if if every couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually actually actually actually actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it it it it it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not not not not not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have have have have have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear bear bear bear bear and I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here here here here here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her her her her her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was like like like like like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I I I I I can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends friends friends friends friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to to to to to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I I I I I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book book book book book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key key key key key areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course course course course course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Craig Craig Craig Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates mates mates mates mates. So some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you you you you you don't some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of of of of of you don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 and and and and and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're going to to to to to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope you guys guys guys guys guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments before coming coming coming coming coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out in the sun sun sun sun sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually kind kind kind kind kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right right right right right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold cold cold cold cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're just miserable and and and and and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course course course course course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own own own own own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world world world world world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor app app app app app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for for for for for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle buckle buckle buckle buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to to to to to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today Today Today Today Today. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates candidates candidates candidates candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it it it it it was Right that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're we're we're we're we're going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just just just just just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to to to to to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How How How How How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been been been been been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this this this this this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later later later later later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before before before before before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am when when when when when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees trees trees trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so on Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know know know know know about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your your your your your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear hear hear hear hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to to to to to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at at at at at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities communities communities communities communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place place place place place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to to to to to be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them them them them them. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other other other other other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing God-fearing God-fearing God-fearing God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I I I I I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, like, like, like, like, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount amount amount amount amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess guess guess guess guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french french french french french fries. They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what what what what what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see see see see see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with with with with with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will will will will will be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here here here here here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the the the the the god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring bring bring bring bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind behind behind behind behind on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough enough enough enough enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience exactly how how how how how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or or or or or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I I I I I have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined combined combined combined combined with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero zero zero zero zero to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite invite invite invite invite you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that that that that that you can use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come come come come come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest Nest Nest Nest Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology technology technology technology technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box box box box box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can can can can can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and more more more more more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is is is is is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed managed managed managed managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into into into into into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how how how how how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You You You You You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad glad glad glad glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from What's What's What's What's What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the white whale whale whale whale whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So well, well, well, well, well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times should we reschedule reschedule reschedule reschedule reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices voices voices voices voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There There There There There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is is is is is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If If If If If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested interested interested interested interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want want want want want to take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link link link link link and I'm having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the the the the the truth out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or or or or or those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on on on on on how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you you you you you. Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just just just just just laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you you you you you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a diet diet diet diet diet or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because because because because because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free free free free free. It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of of of of of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked asked asked asked asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you you you you you start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True True True True True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for for for for for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with with with with with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I I I I I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the the the the the things well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me me me me me that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six six six six six of us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to to to to to sit on a couch not walk on it not run on it now now now now now jump on it and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it it it it it. It's for sitting that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they they they they they know they're not supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little little little little little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency tendency tendency tendency tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was was was was was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared shared shared shared shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to to to to to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we have have have have have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, first first first first first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with a a a a a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I I I I I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host host host host host development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform platform platform platform platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first first first first first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo Milo Milo Milo Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and and and and and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to to to to to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation probation probation probation probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and murder murder murder murder murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive Dive Dive Dive Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house near near near near near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her son son son son son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he actually actually actually actually actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you you you you you that we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you you you you you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it it it it it down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a a a a a dad joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I I I I I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? that that that that His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried tried tried tried tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost almost almost almost almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys a a a a a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account account account account account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one one one one one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never never never never never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure sure sure sure sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in in in in in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an an an an an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is is is is is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of of of of of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Dogfish Dogfish Dogfish Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be be be be be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I I I I I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each each each each each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the questions questions questions questions questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety and housing housing housing housing housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot seat. My name name name name name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of the west west west west west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism at you as as as as as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I understand from from from from from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I I I I I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm a a a a a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and and and and and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships and and and and and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand understand understand understand understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off with with with with with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on to to to to to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk about mu n that that that that that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you were were were were were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so there was was was was was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday the the the the the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un conference three three three three three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our our our our our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at at at at at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also also also also also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College College College College College of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all all all all all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine medicine medicine medicine medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that that that that that I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you you you you you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I I I I I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me me me me me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid kid kid kid kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was was was was was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow wow wow wow wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today today today today today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do Do Do Do Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you you you you you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know you you you you you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess guess guess guess guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the the the the the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about about about about about whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like like like like like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Earl Earl Earl Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What What What What What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I I I I I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just just just just just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do do do do do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the tea guys, but but but but but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I I I I I wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is is is is is jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all all all all all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is is is is is the law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at at at at at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives lives lives lives lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we we we we we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there there there there there and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory over the the the the the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it it it it it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know about about about about about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the the the the the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons dragons dragons dragons dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope nope nope nope nope. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express to to to to to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is is is is is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk talk talk talk talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt felt felt felt felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health health health health health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an an an an an entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something something something something something happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we we we we we put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these these these these these little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if if if if if this is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize in advanced and hope that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please please please please please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our our our our our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys talk about things and and and and and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance chance chance chance chance of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the the the the the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I I I I I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey McKinsey McKinsey McKinsey McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to to to to to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as as as as as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and and and and and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very very very very very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act act act act act together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really really really really really enjoy our time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just just just just just got a lotta things that we tend to do on the the the the the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against towards the evening as like look look look look look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes clothes clothes clothes clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we we we we we gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids kids kids kids kids at this time because it's a i you guys. I know that school is is is is is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to go back and like know I hate hate hate hate hate school. I don't think they really do like I think they like to see their their their their their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite definite definite definite definite article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video video video video video about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as as as as as well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like like like like like Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at at at at at all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German German German German German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and and and and and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally literally literally literally literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we we we we we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so great great great great great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only only only only only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to to to to to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie pie pie pie pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will will will will will be short and on top of that you can even make money off of of of of of this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and and and and and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for for for for for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to to to to to get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to to to to to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice Vice Vice Vice Vice. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot lot lot lot lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about about about about about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've I've I've I've I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end end end end end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then then then then then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week week week week week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going to be be be be be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and what it it it it it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where the Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be going going going going going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position generally generally generally generally generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to to to to to offer we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The The The The The draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers go go go go go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy this this this this this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive offensive offensive offensive offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th 9th 9th 9th 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 3 3 3 3 a.m. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a a a a a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us us us us us watching we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please Please Please Please Please have you seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I I I I I didn't recognize you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Mental Mental Mental Mental Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel Nathaniel Nathaniel Nathaniel Nathaniel should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's sister's sister's sister's sister's nursemaid had warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his his his his his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough enough enough enough enough the Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his his his his his breathing stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears ears ears ears ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, I I I I I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come out out out out out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood in it and your your your your your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do that is disgusting. I've tried tried tried tried tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What breasts do do do do do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing. No No No No No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can I was was was was was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink is it actually actually actually actually actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem problem problem problem problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just Just Just Just Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to to to to to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F F F F F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your your your your your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk talk talk talk talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want want want want want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to to to to to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on on on on on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 19 19 19 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The The The The The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last last last last last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I I I I I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or or or or or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it it it it it. You know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is is is is is March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought brought brought brought brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House House House House House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you you you you you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him him him him him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading reading reading reading reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and and and and and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that that that that that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as as as as as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen listen listen listen listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get get get get get ready for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting affecting affecting affecting affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice justice justice justice justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the the the the the racist tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA USA USA USA USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever ever ever ever ever 97 who goes deep to bring you stories like is God real? Well, it it it it it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking taking taking taking taking the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been been been been been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided probably probably probably probably probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we we we we we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're we're we're we're we're getting a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in in in in in today's episode. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more more more more more to come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound sound sound sound sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel feel feel feel feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to have a a a a a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up up up up up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This This This This This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second second second second second. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got got got got got his I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but but but but but his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, Reese, Reese, Reese, Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our our our our our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're we're we're we're we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask ask ask ask ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we we we we we talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from from from from from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art art art art art of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you you you you you doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to to to to to this right now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I I I I I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college college college college college back in 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years years years years years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first first first first first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So if you you you you you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no no no no no love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And And And And And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your your your your your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints there are screen printing printing printing printing printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, whatever you you you you you got they can make a product for you. You can check them out at at at at at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate operate operate operate operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of truth truth truth truth truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals goals goals goals goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Hong Hong Hong Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an expression of of of of of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little bit bit bit bit bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit admit admit admit admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, let let let let let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my bad and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So like like like like like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm drinking tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live live live live live. Oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay gay gay gay gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a a a a a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love love love love love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's he's he's he's he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic feet and and and and and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin boivin boivin boivin boivin senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And And And And And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect connect connect connect connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the the the the the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province province province province province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect and and and and and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can can can can can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're we're we're we're we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there there there there there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going going going going going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today today today today today it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are are are are are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest guest guest guest guest today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where where where where where to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitchescom Bitchescom Bitchescom Bitchescom Bitchescom. Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that that that that that shit leave that review and if you have nothing nice to say as as as as as your mother said don't say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our our our our our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included included included included included her reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was was was was was handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to to to to to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious ingenious ingenious ingenious ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and and and and and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at at at at at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having having having having having a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single single single single single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy easy easy easy easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had had had had had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to to to to to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just just just just just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will will will will will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and and and and and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys guys guys guys guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if if if if if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the the the the the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week on on on on on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history history history history history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery bravery bravery bravery bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived lived lived lived lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and and and and and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman woman woman woman woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her her her her her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her her her her her own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting resulting resulting resulting resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking shocking shocking shocking shocking murder of Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out out out out out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig dig dig dig dig deeper into Some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or or or or or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener listener listener listener listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that that that that that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas real real real real real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty good. Actually Actually Actually Actually Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New Zealand podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've been working on and and and and and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, my name is is is is is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the history of of of of of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it says on on on on on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we we we we we explore how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to to to to to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind kind kind kind kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what what what what what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever ever ever ever ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all all all all all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening happening happening happening happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the the the the the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special special special special special on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an an an an an insight into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those those those those those day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City City City City City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about about about about about my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a a a a a huge fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day day day day day long as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic topic topic topic topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to to to to to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline offline offline offline offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't Haven't Haven't Haven't Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make make make make make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly with with with with with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the the the the the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been good good good good good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it was was was was was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss or or or or or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get get get get get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were were were were were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do do do do do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you know, thankfully I I I I I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had when when when when when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's it's it's it's it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In one place place place place place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment or anything anything anything anything anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone right there free free free free free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation tools. You need need need need need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, if we didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way way way way way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Donnie Donnie Donnie Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great great great great great. How are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an an an an an amazing story and I love for you to share it with a lot of of of of of people. Yeah, thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's it's it's it's it's somewhat long overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't can't can't can't can't wait to continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many many many many many times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to to to to to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those those those those those sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had great great great great great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel Steel Steel Steel Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect expect expect expect expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more more more more more money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and and and and and gentlemen, boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun fun fun fun fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created created created created created by our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode episode episode episode episode really excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, Judith, Judith, Judith, Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One One One One One of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used used used used used a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in in in in in the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations regulations regulations regulations regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not not not not not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm happy to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's it's it's it's it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you you you you you feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So So So So So I'd like to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line line line line line it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with with with with with mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start start start start start. Do I need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to to to to to that YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as you you you you you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot lot lot lot lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight eight eight eight eight games and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders leaders leaders leaders leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital digital digital digital digital. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical analytical analytical analytical analytical to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It It It It It features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of of of of of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how how how how how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC UC UC UC UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning learning learning learning learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober boober boober boober boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director director director director director of my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per se se se se se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do do do do do we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you you you you you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now. And And And And And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is is is is is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism organism organism organism organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about about about about about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel feel feel feel feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger anger anger anger anger and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of the the the the the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our our our our our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil stencil stencil stencil stencil plus. So I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo logo logo logo logo for me amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They They They They They have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50 $50 $50 $50 $50. You can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots lots lots lots lots of cool Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils stencils stencils stencils stencils to choose from and they can create anything if they don't have it already already already already already. So if you have something very custom you want made they will will will will will work with you and they listen to their customers needs of what they want what what what what what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode episode episode episode episode number 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great great great great great chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and and and and and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small small small small small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do do do do do this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with with with with with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar similar similar similar similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So So So So So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money money money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get get get get get started. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join me me me me me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't can't can't can't can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning morning morning morning morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying buying buying buying buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our our our our our sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your your your your your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So So So So So basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to to to to to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what what what what what I have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to to to to to what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board board board board board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are going going going going going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like note books books books books books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want want want want want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another another another another another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but but but but but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you're you're you're you're you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in London, London, London, London, London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo for for for for for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in San San San San San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior prior prior prior prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort sort sort sort sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're we're we're we're we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a a a a a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver who who who who who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up up up up up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out out out out out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of of of of of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men Men Men Men Men. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that that that that that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they like so so so so so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first things first first first first first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings beings beings beings beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love love love love love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the the the the the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way way way way way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the the the the the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of of of of of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money money money money money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing doing doing doing doing this for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy happy happy happy happy with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over over over over over here is in it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of of of of of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? show show show show Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app app app app app you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to to to to to get her ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a a a a a subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex sex sex sex sex show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at at at at at 5 p.m. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the the the the the man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're We're We're We're We're going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This This This This This is really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a a a a a crowd chamber for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very very very very very cold to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is is is is is really based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a a a a a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress stress stress stress stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect effect effect effect effect. This is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for for for for for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities entities entities entities entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel feel feel feel feel free to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or or or or or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this this this this this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both both both both both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the the the the the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking the the the the the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And if you're you're you're you're you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were old old old old old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about about about about about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know me me me me me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we could could could could could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure. He is is is is is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush brush brush brush brush the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where where where where where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're We're We're We're We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're we're we're we're we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented talented talented talented talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news news news news news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo 11 moon moon moon moon moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made camera camera camera camera camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three three three three three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over over over over over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes tapes tapes tapes tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to to to to to you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your your your your your podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use use use use use now anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your your your your your podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, know, know, know, know, we love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio audio audio audio audio. It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you you you you you want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do do do do do that as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's that's that's that's that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an an an an an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess guess guess guess guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're you're you're you're you're looking to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get get get get get started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can can can can can do it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the the the the the most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and and and and and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little little little little little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make make make make make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to to to to to your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started started started started started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the the the the the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your your your your your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho ho ho ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many many many many many different names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least least least least least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember remember remember remember remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join Rabbi Rabbi Rabbi Rabbi Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides guides guides guides guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I want want want want want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close close close close close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you read read read read read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing off off off off off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second second second second second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need need need need need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take care care care care care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's There's There's There's There's some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going going going going going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a a a a a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news news news news news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one one one one one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual and psychic psychic psychic psychic psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide D Consciousness the nature nature nature nature nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records all all all all all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today. I appreciate you you you you you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful being welcome back to to to to to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being here with with with with with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential influential influential influential influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's me me me me me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we are are are are are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a break break break break break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan a wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off planning a a a a a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of planning a wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording recording recording recording recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events events events events events that we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're you're you're you're you're good. It's the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song song song song song We're not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your your your your your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but but but but but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be a a a a a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic mic mic mic mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man man man man man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or or or or or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And And And And And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that that that that that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit hit hit hit hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are are are are are open to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and and and and and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new new new new new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour hour hour hour hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit bit bit bit bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can can can can can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football football football football football fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to to to to to Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 29 29 29 29 joining us this week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and and and and and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching touching touching touching touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I think out of you know, all the people that are still interested interested interested interested interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from from from from from the fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing playing playing playing playing. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys. So So So So So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk about a few things that that that that that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since the finale and couple couple couple couple couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in in in in in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take up too much much much much much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is swirling swirling swirling swirling swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that that that that that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there there there there there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to to to to to talk about what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce Fierce Fierce Fierce Fierce family of fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them them them them them unique go to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I I I I I mean like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church church church church church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you you you you you know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in the role role role role role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you you you you you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here here here here here but every now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear hear hear hear hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we we we we we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment installment installment installment installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the the the the the block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the the the the the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on on on on on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to to to to to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to to to to to get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More More More More More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the the the the the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help help help help help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person person person person person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then then then then then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just just just just just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in in in in in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more more more more more people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions questions questions questions questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost cost cost cost cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on on on on on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our show show show show show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the the the the the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are are are are are Dana husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be be be be be discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want want want want want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really really really really really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with with with with with us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested interested interested interested interested in sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or or or or or something that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or or or or or Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that we we we we we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, please please please please please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be be be be be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 10 10 10 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life real-life real-life real-life real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Lillehammer Lillehammer Lillehammer Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim victim victim victim victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just just just just just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have have have have have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Biggest Biggest Biggest Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the the the the the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is is is is is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached reached reached reached reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been been been been been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child child child child child sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of of of of of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they they they they they married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January January January January January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for for for for for the government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so so so so so far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made made made made made a mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme meme meme meme meme she put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back back back back back to it that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake mistake mistake mistake mistake. It's not a big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and and and and and I kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do the the the the the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do do do do do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say say say say say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat fat fat fat fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where where where where where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist artist artist artist artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty Misty Misty Misty Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series series series series series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land land land land land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is is is is is rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two two two two two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can can can can can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e e e e e why.com and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry Terry Terry Terry Terry deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of of of of of you know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho vinho vinho vinho vinho Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's It's It's It's It's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But But But But But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can can can can can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you you you you you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the the the the the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which which which which which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to to to to to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for for for for for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three year year year year year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always smiling. She had had had had had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to be around around around around around even to this day. She is still full of life and so are are are are are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her her her her her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode episode episode episode episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today today today today today. I'm sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these these these these these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of methadone methadone methadone methadone methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like like like like like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm farm farm farm farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's He's He's He's He's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was was was was was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to to to to to you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 4:30 movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day day day day day on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir stir stir stir stir TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick pick pick pick pick one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but but but but but it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't don't don't don't don't miss us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this this this this this is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're you're you're you're you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does Does Does Does Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's It's It's It's It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we we we we we have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You You You You You can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This This This This This is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I I I I I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the the the the the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years years years years years and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get get get get get as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this this this this this live event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to to to to to be trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap nap nap nap nap and we're going to be going to two shows a week instead of one and and and and and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss both both both both both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and and and and and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want to to to to to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the whole whole whole whole whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? I I I I I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for some of of of of of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away and for for for for for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not not not not not try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, free, free, free, free, which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll they'll they'll they'll they'll distribute your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places places places places places. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to to to to to get Ready? Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Matt Matt Matt Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This This This This This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason Jason Jason Jason Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more more more more more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very very very very very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life life life life life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams. Plus Plus Plus Plus Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are are are are are behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game against Georgia Georgia Georgia Georgia Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand down down down down down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love what they have going going going going going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything everything everything everything everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo Echo Echo Echo Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk talk talk talk talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money money money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is is is is is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing establishing establishing establishing establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology technology technology technology technology North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining mining mining mining mining pools with professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience experience experience experience experience and have a great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of of of of of notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool pool pool pool pool in October. So be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would would would would would love it if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can can can can can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash hash hash hash hash and I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof proof proof proof proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague Prague Prague Prague Prague pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at at at at at the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame lame lame lame lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was was was was was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw Peter Peter Peter Peter Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him as as as as as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his attention expecting expecting expecting expecting expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City City City City City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row row row row row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating eating eating eating eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit bit bit bit bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no no no no no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my my my my my fund we already had FX in the region but back in those days. It was was was was was almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade trade trade trade trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the the the the the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got got got got got to sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is is is is is rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain complain complain complain complain man, you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who who who who who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and and and and and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go go go go go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has has has has has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of of of of of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one one one one one and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has has has has has been crowned King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad bad bad bad bad to get the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for for for for for it. I quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He He He He He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best best best best best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in in in in in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel feel feel feel feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that that that that that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose whose whose whose whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would would would would would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't have have have have have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be drowsy drowsy drowsy drowsy drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've reached reached reached reached reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the the the the the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but but but but but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in in in in in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has has has has has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and those those those those those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of of of of of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived perceived perceived perceived perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing embracing embracing embracing embracing. The simple fact that we all only have one life and that none none none none none of us are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call call call call call home regardless. Of our current health status after all would you you you you you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship that makes you miserable miserable miserable miserable miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell no, you'd be out out out out out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your your your your your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything everything everything everything everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your your your your your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit edit edit edit edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google Google Google Google Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make money money money money money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by by by by by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as as as as as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known known known known known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it it it it it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock clock clock clock clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been been been been been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's Nobody's Nobody's Nobody's Nobody's looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today today today today today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of of of of of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email email email email email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling me me me me me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I guess guess guess guess guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with with with with with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having having having having having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely completely completely completely completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is is is is is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind kind kind kind kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those those those those those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting getting getting getting getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first first first first first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and four weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling the the the the the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I don't remember that that that that that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were both jumping on the the the the the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough tough tough tough tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently permanently permanently permanently permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, life, life, life, life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard you can can can can can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep moving forward forward forward forward forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then then then then then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the the the the the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her her her her her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better than that. It's about how how how how how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's it's it's it's it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're we're we're we're we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in in in in in what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we we we we we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday Monday Monday Monday Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got got got got got my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that that that that that means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's How's How's How's How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I I I I I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week week week week week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up up up up up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from Lehigh University University University University University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and and and and and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from from from from from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was was was was was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man man man man man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Gale Gale Gale Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on on on on on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder murder murder murder murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that that that that that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an an an an an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the the the the the layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus focus focus focus focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators investigators investigators investigators investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of of of of of those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can can can can can fill a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings brings brings brings brings us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews interviews interviews interviews interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even even even even even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more more more more more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This This This This This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're we're we're we're we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century century century century century. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started started started started started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I I I I I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I I I I I want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you you you you you from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time time time time time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like like like like like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode episode episode episode episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because because because because because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we we we we we posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found found found found found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold hold hold hold hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This This This This This is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the plan today? today today today today Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and and and and and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season season season season season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick stick stick stick stick around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick stick stick stick stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a a a a a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just just just just just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this this this this this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of time time time time time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining joining joining joining joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into into into into into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you you you you you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that that that that that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin bring bring bring bring bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with Bachelor Nation Nation Nation Nation Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell tell tell tell tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode episode episode episode episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Lake Lake Lake Lake Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader. Our 30 30 30 30 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the Oakland Charter Charter Charter Charter Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's what he'd he'd he'd he'd he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It featured a a a a a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and and and and and other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to to to to to reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend friend friend friend friend while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in in in in in my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music Music Music Music Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming out out out out out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best best best best best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put put put put put it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use use use use use it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, platforms, and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up up up up up with anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested interested interested interested interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner partner partner partner partner has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has has has has has a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner's partner's partner's partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in in in in in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and and and and and you want to know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them them them them them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can can can can can be on such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could could could could could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up up up up up on your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's today's today's today's today's in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during during during during during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to to to to to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously previously previously previously previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives creatives creatives creatives creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the the the the the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met at at at at at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, you you you you you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people come come come come come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You You You You You got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show show show notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I I I I I opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you you you you you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of of of of of have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words words words words words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels angels angels angels angels and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream stream stream stream stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any any any any any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing allowing allowing allowing allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that that that that that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish gibberish gibberish gibberish gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be here here here here here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How How How How How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all all all all all about so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and and and and and I was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity creativity creativity creativity creativity and when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was was was was was also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and and and and and I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because because because because because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and and and and and exciting announcement. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related related related related related as you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction fiction fiction fiction fiction and Amelia. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many many many many many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value value value value value of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're you're you're you're you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes includes includes includes includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about about about about about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world world world world world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most most most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're We're We're We're We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected collected collected collected collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore explore explore explore explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world world world world world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted posted posted posted posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you you you you you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you you you you you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in the morning. I I I I I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally make the goal every morning morning morning morning morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight. It was six six six six six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just felt prom prom prom prom prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat we cannot something something something something something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with with with with with us again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this this this this this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've we've we've we've we've been at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something something something something something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct correct correct correct correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak speak speak speak speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that that that that that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from from from from from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most of the the the the the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else else else else else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I I I I I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going on on on on on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so much shit shit shit shit shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I have errands errands errands errands errands to run I was linking with people that I see in a while. Basically, I really really really really really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans and my mom house and then then then then then my brother's over here and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because because because because because now I'm finally in my house and no one's here right now, which is kind kind kind kind kind of rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my name name name name name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and and and and and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that that that that that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a mean mean mean mean mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our guests guests guests guests guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's that's that's that's that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait wait wait wait wait for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's That's That's That's That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype Skype Skype Skype Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up up up up up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but but but but but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to to to to to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree degree degree degree degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that. Well, it it it it it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode episode episode episode episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution Caution Caution Caution Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for for for for for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered World World World World World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic Gothic Gothic Gothic Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your your your your your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the the the the the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans beans beans beans beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight straight straight straight straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot hot hot hot hot dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space space space space space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee Lee Lee Lee Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We We We We We all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I I I I I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than than than than than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's today's today's today's today's episode we go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he he he he he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years years years years years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more more more more more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen listen listen listen listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for for for for for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew ducky ducky ducky ducky ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few few few few few precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when when when when when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you you you you you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as you you you you you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice responds responds responds responds responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember remember remember remember remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And And And And And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and and and and and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted targeted targeted targeted targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are are are are are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the the the the the legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic Medtronic Medtronic Medtronic Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the the the the the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner owner owner owner owner and operator of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic topic topic topic topic is all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was was was was was sent in by an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because because because because because he noticed that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I I I I I put out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want want want want want to know why that is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it it it it it just my style? What is that? So we're going to break down the science and and and and and we're also going to break down some reality because you know, all the science science science science science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll talk about both and then really why I choose to do them and why why why why why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And And And And And as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was was was was was for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many many many many many great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to to to to to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go Go Go Go Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the the the the the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick quick quick quick quick read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight overweight overweight overweight overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was was was was was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about about about about about starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just just just just just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit hit hit hit hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Google Google Google Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of of of of of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app app app app app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each each each each each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you you you you you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join the the the the the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at at at at at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the the the the the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the the the the the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you you you you you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some some some some some workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle struggle struggle struggle struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, I've I've I've I've I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists consists consists consists consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to to to to to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every every every every every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get get get get get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can can can can can find around the house. And so if you answered yes to any of them them them them them questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% off at at at at at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we we we we we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on. Becoming extraterrestrial extraterrestrial extraterrestrial extraterrestrial extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, I'll take take take take take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here we go go go go go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you know know know know know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa grandpa grandpa grandpa grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so so so so so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to share share share share share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of funny actually to to to to to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you want to call call call call call it one of my last pump and dumps that I dealt with before I went Monk Monk Monk Monk Monk. And a father to a woman about my age that I met on one one one one one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites sites sites sites sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're We're We're We're We're up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting getting getting getting getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of of of of of different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by by by by by the Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you you you you you for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to to to to to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no no no no no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Grace Grace Grace Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's it's it's it's it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of of of of of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be be be be be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following following following following following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, you know know know know know where else far far away where it takes us months to create new merch but but but but but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / bogomil bogomil bogomil bogomil bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together together together together together. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it it it it it. Thank you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so so so so so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it it it it it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this this this this this show, we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team team team team team can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From From From From From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going going going going going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know know know know know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I I I I I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this this this this this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya ya ya ya ya penitential good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for a talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone alone alone alone alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because you you you you you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on on on on on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody that that that that that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it my best real lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were on the road road road road road. It was on a phone in or do you have to go to Studio Studio Studio Studio Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I was reading up everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really well stir with with with with with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and and and and and I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why why why why why you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform platform platform platform platform for anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room room room room room get your voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free free free free free. There's Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone phone phone phone phone or your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money money money money money like I'm not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from from from from from today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient gradient gradient gradient gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on on on on on the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a a a a a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a a a a a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces forces forces forces forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here Here Here Here Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes jokes jokes jokes jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment moment moment moment moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way way way way way to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we we we we we use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your your your your your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make make make make make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works works works works works. That was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I I I I I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory victory victory victory victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side side side side side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last last last last last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final final final final final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison and and and and and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited excited excited excited excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning reigning reigning reigning reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the the the the the world. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to to to to to chat with him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, water, water, water, water, but he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of of of of of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me me me me me. So I'm going to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready ready ready ready ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the the the the the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so so so so so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My My My My My name is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today today today today today. We have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is is is is is an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so so so so so I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have have have have have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it it it it it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis Lewis Lewis Lewis Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under Under Under Under Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat meat meat meat meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack snack snack snack snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys guys guys guys guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with with with with with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in in in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you you you you you. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks Hawks Hawks Hawks Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we we we we we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this this this this this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every every every every every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the the the the the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is is is is is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He He He He He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about acquiring the right right right right right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best clients into into into into into your business. How do I identify them and how to get them into your your your your your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome interview interview interview interview interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our interview interview interview interview interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development development development development development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms. You can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is everything you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to to to to to the node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at at at at at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I I I I I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the the the podcast. So a big question that I get either via email or over on on on on on our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with with with with with their online store and they want to know what they actually have to get get get get get done prior to launch. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside outside outside outside outside of how to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to get get get get get traffic all that stuff. You can learn more about on my free training over over over over over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to that in the the description by by by by by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all that stuff and you kind kind kind kind kind of understand how to build the business then the question is, well, what do you you you you you actually have to get done before you make that website on Shopify before you contact your your your your your first supplier before you get your first sale? So I want to cover cover cover cover cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple different options you have have have have have and then let you know what I do and what I recommend so with with with with with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human human human human human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two very very very very very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone. We We We We We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How How How How How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently currently currently currently currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had quite quite quite quite quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during during during during during our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you you you you you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is is is is is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record record record record record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of of of of of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from from from from from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that that that that that I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off off off off off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode episode episode episode episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are are are are are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova at at at at at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke Duke Duke Duke Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at at at at at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this show here here here here here before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get get get get get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on on on on on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap swap swap swap swap best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard hard hard hard hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally literally literally literally literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back to to to to to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven seven seven seven seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a a a a a this is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I I I I I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We We We We We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this this this this this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is is is is is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from from from from from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with with with with with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the the the the the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor before before before before before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I I I I I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's It's It's It's It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why why why why why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that allow you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I I I I I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk talk talk talk talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading reading reading reading reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't don't don't don't don't have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell tell tell tell tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back back back back back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock right right right right right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to to to to to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when when when when when I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his his his his his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here here here here here with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her her her her her she's hilarious. I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording recording recording recording recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So So So So So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so so so so so much for having me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that that that that that was weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so so so so so much for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first first first first first of all because I feel like you're what I would be if I moved moved moved moved moved to LA like you're an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I I I I I stop being such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This This This This This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a week week week week week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live with with with with with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So if you you you you you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So here we we we we we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to get started started started started started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and there is is is is is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes welcomes up an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this this this this this month. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, certainly. Anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think think think think think the discussion at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background background background background background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, exploration, exploration, exploration, exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the the the the the United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those those those those those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have have have have have occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past past past past past a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone alone alone alone alone. As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the the the the the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County County County County County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush rush rush rush rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things things things things things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system system system system system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have have have have have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it it it it it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy boy boy boy boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but but but but but I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with with with with with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk talk talk talk talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came came came came came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So So So So So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, and and and and and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, Systems, Systems, Systems, Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the the the the the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport with with with with with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he he he he he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He was was was was was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He encountered encountered encountered encountered encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami. This wasn't unusual unusual unusual unusual unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets to all Pilots Pilots Pilots Pilots Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at his PanAm ID ID ID ID ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard the next available available available available available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises Rises Rises Rises Rises to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with your your your your your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting the the the the the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a look. Was Was Was Was Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that I named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also also also also also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the the the the the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules rules rules rules rules tradition and respect just to name a few join me each week as I I I I I dive into these topics and much more now stay tuned for the next next next next next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business business business business business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take take take take take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I I I I I am super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada and she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to to to to to commercials and etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those those those those those things. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what what what what what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you you you you you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode episode episode episode episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought thought thought thought thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know know know know know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as as as as as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out out out out out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a a a a a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental mental mental mental mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young young young young young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing growing growing growing growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically basically basically basically basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and and and and and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper decker decker decker decker decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett Brett Brett Brett Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a a a a a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our our our our our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real real real real real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let Let Let Let Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on on on on on the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let let let let let me do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am am am am am going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house house house house house some of the questions that I get about buying an old house and some some some some some of the safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about about about about about purchasing an old house and then make sure to stay all the way to the end end end end end because I just started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing it where I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom mom mom mom mom of six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join join join join join me as I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the the the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life life life life life. This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality reality reality reality reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to to to to to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going going going going going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really really really really really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days days days days days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just just just just just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and and and and and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that that that that that business you want to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is just just just just just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described in the the the the the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And this is is is is is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that we have have have have have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal of this this this this this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or she can can can can can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of transcending transcending transcending transcending transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in our our our our our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words words words words words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me on the the the the the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a a a a a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known known known known known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get get get get get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She is is is is is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping making making making making making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served as executive pastors pastors pastors pastors pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being being being being being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm here with with with with with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are are are are are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in in in in in your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first first first first first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the the the the the medium and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough tough tough tough tough choices in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, payment, payment, payment, payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle trifle trifle trifle trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I I I I I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends from from from from from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us us us us us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from from from from from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to to to to to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true true true true true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True True True True True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for for for for for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? this this this this How do we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage encourage encourage encourage encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I I I I I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it it it it it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download download download download download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post post post post post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it it it it it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do do do do do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys guys guys guys guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if if if if if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world world world world world or simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more more more more more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on on on on on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would would would would would love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you you you you you think of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is is is is is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of of of of of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the the the the the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program program program program program the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and and and and and strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for for for for for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my my my my my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for for for for for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start start start start start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What What What What What you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your your your your your entire life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have have have have have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my my my my my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we we we we we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major major major major major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear bear bear bear bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole whole whole whole whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe 20 along along along along along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back in in in in in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All All All All All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time time time time time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute minute minute minute minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you you you you you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like like like like like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as far as as as as as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch. I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with with with with with your hosting skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning you out. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We We We We We have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the the the the the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back back back back back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right right right right right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw saw saw saw saw you live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it it it it it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I I I I I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on on on on on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your your your your your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that you you you you you are you are in the process of creating most of you two two two two two realities contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater greater greater greater greater Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as as as as as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of of of of of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and we want want want want want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can merge is is is is is for you to come with us in other words because we're not going with you you you you you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your world world world world world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta ta ta ta ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when when when when when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl girl girl girl girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a a a a a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So So So So So she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to to to to to a party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes reuniting here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It It It It It has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm Helm Helm Helm Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta betta betta betta betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the family family family family family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past past past past past and is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any any any any any reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in in in in in nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all all all all all reporting is based on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not not not not not constitute an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their their their their their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its heroines heroines heroines heroines heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start brushing on the the the the the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the chewing side each each each each each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save America. We don't don't don't don't don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have told about what what what what what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the United States States States States States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot copilot copilot copilot copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart outsmart outsmart outsmart outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then then then then then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the Streets of of of of of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles rattled rattled rattled rattled rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small dingy house on on on on on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked in a battle battle battle battle battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence enter the the the the the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of of of of of life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host host host host host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of of of of of diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique unique unique unique unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did did did did did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe believe believe believe believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain certain certain certain certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you you you you you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? doing doing doing doing Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs pervs pervs pervs pervs. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two two two two two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's It's It's It's It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why Why Why Why Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been been been been been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims. The Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long and the dark dark dark dark dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal abnormal abnormal abnormal abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup of of of of of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we do just just just just just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet yet yet yet yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's There's There's There's There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day day day day day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me me me me me on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and and and and and pray this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week week week week week. I'm just going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South South South South South out of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally Normally Normally Normally Normally. I don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but but but but but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I I I I I went back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of of of of of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions Millions Millions Millions Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If If If If If you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every every every every every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible possible possible possible possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds clouds clouds clouds clouds flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Schrute Schrute Schrute Schrute Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech tech tech tech tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my my my my my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to to to to to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid joab case Apna Apna Apna Apna Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are are are are are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in in in in in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're they're they're they're they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of of of of of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on on on on on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug hug hug hug hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? doing doing doing doing Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a a a a a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want want want want want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and and and and and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going going going going going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as as as as as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something something something something something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner winner winner winner winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been been been been been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have have have have have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've I've I've I've I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just just just just just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel channel channel channel channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 pm pm pm pm pm. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready ready ready ready ready for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our our our our our next speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and and and and and Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban suburban suburban suburban suburban Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She She She She She serves on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO chair chair chair chair chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had had had had had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also also also also also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our podcast seem seem seem seem seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we're going going going going going to keep finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons. I'm one one one one one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - man man man man man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating character hooks hooks hooks hooks hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again because we we we we we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send those those those those those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing playing playing playing playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot lot lot lot lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or or or or or go to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by by by by by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in in in in in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot copilot copilot copilot copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help help help help help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and and and and and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March March March March March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student student student student student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late late late late late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now now now now now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending ending ending ending ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring pouring pouring pouring pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day day day day day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to to to to to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or or or or or not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple couple couple couple couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, know, know, know, know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of me me me me me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little little little little little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things things things things things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download download download download download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get started check it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the the the the the title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings Beginnings Beginnings Beginnings Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to talk about their story and their successes successes successes successes successes. It doesn't mean you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website at at at at at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you how many many many many many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I see your your your your your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good. You how about those those those those those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so that everything is now now now now now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you now, now, now, now, now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this this this this this. You already know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So So So So So guys, how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going going going going going to mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's It's It's It's It's all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back back back back back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have have have have have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys guys guys guys guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if if if if if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you you you you you here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and and and and and kind of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't don't don't don't don't really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school school school school school with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and and and and and I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage engage engage engage engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me me me me me polyamory is the ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want want want want want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and and and and and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to to to to to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as as as as as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after after after after after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be be be be be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would would would would would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no no no no no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in in in in in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if if if if if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her her her her her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check check check check check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just just just just just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real real real real real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met a a a a a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is the one one one one one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that and home pod? pod pod pod pod And he will point to it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch it. It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music so much to the point point point point point where if he can't touch it like he will start screaming until he he he he he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was kind of in like like like like like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're going to record this this this this this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you a little little little little little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open open open open open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling in in in in in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we we we we we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the the the the the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're We're We're We're We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top top top top top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he he he he he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey hockey hockey hockey hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All All All All All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from way back when when when when when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This This This This This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep keep keep keep keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat with us us us us us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about about about about about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to to to to to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's It's It's It's It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She She She She She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best best best best best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading faster faster faster faster faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis are spreading spreading spreading spreading spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We We We We We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know know know know know if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered discovered discovered discovered discovered that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with with with with with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover more more more more more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age Age Age Age Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will be be be be be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will will will will will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me on on on on on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really really really really really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have have have have have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't don't don't don't don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make your your your your your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you more bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red into the the the the the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and let's let's let's let's let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being the the the the the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going to to to to to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some Some Some Some Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be be be be be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some some some some some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised this episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people people people people people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly Connolly Connolly Connolly Connolly was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office office office office office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said said said said said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled baffled baffled baffled baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not not not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is is is is is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't don't don't don't don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry be more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 2 2 2 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to to to to to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is is is is is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin begin begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit spirit spirit spirit spirit. Amen. It's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope is the theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and and and and and eternal life as our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on on on on on our own strength, but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope hope hope hope hope we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is is is is is possible but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first first first first first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me me me me me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do there's there's there's there's there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute your podcast for you, you, you, you, you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so many more you can also also also also also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this this this this this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this this this this this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with with with with with God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go go go go go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is Is Is Is Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 7 7 7 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word word word word word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really really really really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of of of of of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are are are are are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've got got got got got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to make make make make make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can make make make make make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really really really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take things for for for for for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find find find find find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have have have have have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the the the the the good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know know know know know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson Manson Manson Manson Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of of of of of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a Our cast cast cast cast cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true crime history in this this this this this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the headline-making Zodiac murders murders murders murders murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their way to to to to to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're looking back back back back back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My My My My My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I I I I I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am interested interested interested interested interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is Ecommerce Ecommerce Ecommerce Ecommerce Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary licensing licensing licensing licensing licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things that somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which which which which which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created created created created created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here here here here here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle Middle Middle Middle Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn learn learn learn learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing unless unless unless unless unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host host host host host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just Just Just Just Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with age. Not always always always always always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that I heard heard heard heard heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin begin begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was was was was was called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most most most most most exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you and I in in in in in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no no no no no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only only only only only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and and and and and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty specialty specialty specialty specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to to to to to introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that that that that that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it a a a a a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we we we we we are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of of of of of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us us us us us start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually individually individually individually individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's it's it's it's it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know know know know know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I I I I I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in in in in in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? tonight tonight tonight tonight Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good good good good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results results results results results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it it it it it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival selections going going going going going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 action in in in in in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and and and and and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for for for for for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now Now Now Now Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 16 16 16 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked looked looked looked looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if if if if if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV TV TV TV TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the the the the the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode episode episode episode episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a a a a a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all the the the the the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how to to to to to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing the the the the the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which deletes deletes deletes deletes deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, we we we we we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just just just just just can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give give give give give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why why why why why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no no no no no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average average average average average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This is a a a a a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that that that that that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil who who who who who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head of of of of of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the the the the the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch touch touch touch touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with with with with with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that that that that that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is in the the the the the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have put up up up up up the old and put on the new I have been given and it's been been been been been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all my needs needs needs needs needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all all all all all the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks. This will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long long long long long discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably probably probably probably probably To be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get get get get get through all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm good. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every every every every every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im im im im im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius Julius Julius Julius Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the the the the the trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to to to to to today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm covering the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against against against against against the US were considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled labeled labeled labeled labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do do do do do a few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior behavior behavior behavior behavior. I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote devote devote devote devote episodes to answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving leaving leaving leaving leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future future future future future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more more more more more you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage usage usage usage usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit habit habit habit habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod Tod Tod Tod Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you you you you you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they they they they they have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their their their their their competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster Minster Minster Minster Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a a a a a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your your your your your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything everything everything everything everything is within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting reporting reporting reporting reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything from from from from from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you you you you you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode episode episode episode episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure figure figure figure figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they they they they they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can can can can can use it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really really really really really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard heard heard heard heard everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on on on on on your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try try try try try and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about about about about about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia leimia leimia leimia leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure lure lure lure lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC OC OC OC OC gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named named named named named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before before before before before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you you you you you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much much much much much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to to to to to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you you you you you I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one of of of of of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've I've I've I've I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon soon soon soon soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I I I I I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's it's it's it's it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a a a a a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the the the the the melody our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we we we we we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your your your your your what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long long long long long day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the the the the the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star star star star star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and True True True True True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is is is is is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering the sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what what what what what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you don't don't don't don't don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the beginning of of of of of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe winter is is is is is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this in my my my my my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character character character character character. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University University University University University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell tell tell tell tell us some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my my my my my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your your your your your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to to to to to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all all all all all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about about about about about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a a a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back. It is episode or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of of of of of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's decision decision decision decision decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back to to to to to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for for for for for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a a a a a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of of of of of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands Thousands Thousands Thousands Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for for for for for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths swaths swaths swaths swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of of of of of the service still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those those those those those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests guests guests guests guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management management management management management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on but no no no no no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, messy, messy, messy, messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to to to to to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that that that that that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has simplified the the the the the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do do do do do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create create create create create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for download now now now now now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus after after after after after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets up and and and and and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to be with with with with with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the the the the the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him and and and and and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while I needed to be be be be be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that that that that that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking picking picking picking picking the day. He begins it by being with God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be be be be be talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your your your your your host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have have have have have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon soon soon soon soon programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction transaction transaction transaction transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in in in in in one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years years years years years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do you you you you you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going going going going going on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram live last night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple couple couple couple couple of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the the the the the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian guide guide guide guide guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, suppose, suppose, suppose, suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an an an an an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I I I I I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not not not not not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able able able able able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the the the the the history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean mean mean mean mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on on on on on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number number number number number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh Josh Josh Josh Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me on the the the the the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the the the the the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look over this this this this this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models models models models models podcaster starting real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a a a a a poo pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old old old old old grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me me me me me if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry about last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with me David David David David David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And of of of of of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very very very very very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, week, week, week, week, one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park Park Park Park Park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded exploded exploded exploded exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to to to to to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and and and and and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the the the the the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the the the the the division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and I I I I I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of of of of of the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over over over over over the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this this this this this word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related to to to to to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it It's It's It's It's It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in the the the the the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who who who who who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited excited excited excited excited to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our our our our our names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My My My My My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees like like like like like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of of of of of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 2011 2011 2011 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip Skip Skip Skip Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original original original original original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by by by by by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back back back back back from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, Rider, Rider, Rider, Rider, but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As As As As As always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition condition condition condition condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice advice advice advice advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv tv tv tv tv top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to to to to to the after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host host host host host Alex Bowers and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We We We We We have Linda ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has has has has has a question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're we're we're we're we're vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot lot lot lot lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D D D D D. Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and and and and and we're here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and and and and and have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is is is is is a very fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit bit bit bit bit with me about your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic topic topic topic topic for us to speak about and so my question for you just to get right right right right right into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is is is is is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here here here here here and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for for for for for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two two two two two. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you you you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can can can can can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make make make make make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and and and and and Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come come come come come from? It's a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very very very very very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your your your your your mother listen to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's That's That's That's That's good. That's good. So we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we we we we we get into Addresses when I get this out of the way a quick plug or or or or or big plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and and and and and we want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we we we we we put up the Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and and and and and we would like to hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at at at at at the end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right right right right right. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that that that that that you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be be be be be. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so so so so so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a a a a a fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came came came came came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that that that that that the World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born born born born born with may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's it's it's it's it's basically the idea of ableism and how the world is set up for people who who who who who are able-bodied as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a a a a a very specific way. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really really really really really interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And And And And And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a comedian comedian comedian comedian comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts of of of of of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small small small small small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell cell cell cell cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose levels levels levels levels levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is is is is is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows flows flows flows flows through the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough Enough Enough Enough Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin insulin insulin insulin insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that that that that that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects detects detects detects detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today today today today today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his his his his his total Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy guy guy guy guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people people people people people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them them them them them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the the the the the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the the the the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you you you you you want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and and and and and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th 4th 4th 4th 4th of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in in in in in the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate rate rate rate rate cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new new new new new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut cut cut cut cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed passed passed passed passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they they they they they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis basis basis basis basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret today. We We We We We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew stew stew stew stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the the the the the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments comments comments comments comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I I I I I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came came came came came on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go go go go go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in in in in in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer producer producer producer producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon salmon salmon salmon salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make make make make make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul foul foul foul foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle and Taylor here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over over over over over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to to to to to have and they did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina Carolina they got up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that that that that that lead going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of of of of of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won won won won won by 12 and most of the time they were up by like six or something something something something something like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single single single single single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and and and and and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult adult adult adult adult subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for for for for for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about about about about about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to to to to to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by by by by by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this this this this this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors doctors doctors doctors doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at at at at at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz Biz Biz Biz Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now now now now now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right can't can't can't can't can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? right right right right I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates updates updates updates updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to call call call call call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're going going going going going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of course do do do do do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're we're we're we're we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like like like like like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out out out out out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're We're We're We're We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year year year year year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name name name name name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we we we we we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets of of of of of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us us us us us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We We We We We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so if if if if if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the the the the the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? story story story story I will start with my first two because these are the these are are are are are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three days later, later, later, later, later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys and and and and and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether whether whether whether whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is is is is is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every every every every every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend friend friend friend friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your your your your your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And And And And And this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in in in in in mind. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were were were were were born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you simply simply simply simply simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information information information information information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put it simply is is is is is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys boys boys boys boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All right right right right right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's I I I I I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s probably also also also also also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or near the do I not not not not not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is from his book book book book book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little little little little little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the the the the the story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who who who who who helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura sweat that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His His His His His father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much much much much much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became became became became became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor nor nor nor nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews Jews Jews Jews Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as as as as as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they they they they they had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act. Therefore Therefore Therefore Therefore Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony irony irony irony irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Roald Roald Roald Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most most most most most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has has has has has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the plot plot plot plot plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from from from from from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to to to to to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to to to to to say that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the the the the the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I I I I I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I I I I I wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 1081 1081 1081 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have have have have have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So a good good good good good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but but but but but I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's It's It's It's It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that they they they they they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary scary scary scary scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this this this this this episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might might might might might have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is is is is is Sean Stephenson. That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here here here here here. And we're back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you you you you you around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo arvo arvo arvo arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to to to to to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually have people people people people people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were were were were were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet outlet outlet outlet outlet and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people people people people people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for for for for for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email email email email email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so so so so so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell tell tell tell tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to to to to to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to to to to to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start start start start start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service service service service service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode episode episode episode episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and and and and and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software software software software software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need need need need need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet tablet tablet tablet tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make make make make make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you you you you you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic topic topic topic topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher higher higher higher higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / / / / / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you you you you you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is is is is is episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of of of of of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 48 48 48 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects subjects subjects subjects subjects. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to get started. This This This This This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 23 23 23 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over over over over over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and and and and and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to be on this this this this this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I I I I I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I I I I I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many many many many many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to to to to to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM FM FM FM FM to get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers customers customers customers customers give them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind mind mind mind mind is my book The Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am am am am am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this this this this this is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money money money money money management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this this this this this episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch bunch bunch bunch bunch of things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode episode episode episode episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've We've We've We've We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven seven seven seven seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this this this this this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of of of of of American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager manager manager manager manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up up up up up. They said that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous that people are going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video video video video video every one of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our our our our our DNA. We believe that there is this life we can live that that's just just just just just a little bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we we we we we can we can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think think think think think about this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and and and and and be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that that that that that way of life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of of of of of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on on on on on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth youth youth youth youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your your your your your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your your your your your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 1 1 1 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the the the the the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys guys guys guys guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as as as as as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to to to to to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a a a a a treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the the the the the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories stories stories stories stories on the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and and and and and a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking looking looking looking looking for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it it it it it show. I'm your host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your your your your your parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there there there there there done that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I I I I I haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you you you you you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way way way way way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, taxes, taxes, taxes, taxes, everyone always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do do do do do their taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes. And why didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in in in in in school. It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how how how how how to add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in in in in in a column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were were were were were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You You You You You were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So So So So So you were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't can't can't can't can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It It It It It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may may may may may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden wooden wooden wooden wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within within within within within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in in in in in labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that that that that that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched watched watched watched watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this labor was was was was was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's world's world's world's world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since since since since since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend. I I I I I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you are doing doing doing doing doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son all this while while while while while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, you know we we we we we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs now today. We We We We We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of you who've been been been been been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my my my my my hotel getting ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had had had had had a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some some some some some you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out out out out out there. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with with with with with a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting wanting wanting wanting wanting to get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2 2 2 2 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last last last last last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching out out out out out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, I am am am am am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist because I I I I I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging emerging emerging emerging emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts Arts Arts Arts Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First First First First First off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has has has has has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of of of of of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone gone gone gone gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's that's that's that's that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how how how how how Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, Now, Now, Now, Now, this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and and and and and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your your your your your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now now now now now dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have have have have have g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and and and and and he got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played played played played played podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until until until until until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran Terran Terran Terran Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing playing playing playing playing Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just just just just just jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to to to to to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to to to to to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we we we we we use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets pockets pockets pockets pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need need need need need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or or or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we we we we we definitely just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so so so so so much love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk talk talk talk talk about today's topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why why why why why I asking like what in the world does not even know like what is is is is is my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and and and and and I feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way way way way way which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you you you you you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights insights insights insights insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day Latter-day Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week week week week week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get started this week's lesson is entitled entitled entitled entitled entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through through through through through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying laying laying laying laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You You You You You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to to to to to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if if if if if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your your your your your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find find find find find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find find find find find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app app app app app TV top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to to to to to our dare me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode episode episode episode episode 9 fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are are are are are getting so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host host host host host Taylor grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have have have have have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello hello hello hello hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to to to to to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in in in in in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this this this this this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat chat chat chat chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today today today today today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great great great great great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most loving loving loving loving loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner learner learner learner learner. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one one one one one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because full full full full full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section and this is gonna be be be be be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real here on trees trees trees trees trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice practice practice practice practice that real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I I I I I don't like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you you you you you always you always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple couple couple couple couple things with Sean and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things things things things things they go through we are excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of of of of of requests for people to clarify what it is. When we ask the other couples. We We We We We interview what Their Love Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what what what what what ours are and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if if if if if you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever platform you're listening that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback feedback feedback feedback feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How How How How How are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's It's It's It's It's been it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded. Yeah, and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we we we we we did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little little little little little Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a a a a a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that that that that that you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the the the the the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this this this this this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way way way way way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step step step step step the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new new new new new podcast hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop shop shop shop shop when it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it it it it it on top of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website website website website website makes life so much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire entire entire entire entire to do you had to know how to record it where to to to to to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I mention they're they're they're they're they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that you can can can can can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this this this this this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to to to to to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a a a a a short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have have have have have written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the the the the the anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and and and and and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released released released released released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a a a a a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode episode episode episode episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying but but but but but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going going going going going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you you you you you. This is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy ideas. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new new new new new episode of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to to to to to me is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for for for for for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded it's actually been a while since we like sat here to do and and and and and episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span span span span span and we had a nice little break in between and now we have to catch catch catch catch catch up and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay okay okay okay okay though. I love this show. I love this show. I want this show show show show show. I hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you you you you you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep keep keep keep keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in session session session session session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode episode episode episode episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on on on on on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week to to to to to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board board board board board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well well well well well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today today today today today with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today today today today today is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so so so so so hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us us us us us on this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad dad dad dad dad and I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this this this this this. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time time time time time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that that that that that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal development development development development development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also is our our our our our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is is is is is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity charity charity charity charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with with with with with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in in in in in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission Mission Mission Mission Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only only only only only when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A A A A A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen happen happen happen happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I guess guess guess guess guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that I I I I I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little little little little little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt felt felt felt felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John John John John John starting in verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the the the the the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the the the the the Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for for for for for Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a a a a a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used used used used used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a a a a a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of of of of of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of of of of of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this reading reading reading reading reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief got consists consists consists consists consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working of of of of of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is is is is is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do do do do do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to carry carry carry carry carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a body body body body body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our guy guy guy guy guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will also also also also also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help people in in in in in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week week week week week this week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch watch watch watch watch the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do do do do do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to to to to to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love Love Love Love Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad mad mad mad mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We We We We We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink drink drink drink drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron Cameron Cameron Cameron Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very very very very very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However today today today today today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down down down down down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of of of of of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first and then then then then then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we are are are are are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and and and and and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in in in in in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called called called called called Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think think think think think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out out out out out of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team team team team team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided in in in in in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the degroote degroote degroote degroote degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by the the the the the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about the the the the the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or or or or or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your your your your your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a a a a a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or or or or or check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right right right right right there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or or or or or whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where you put put put put put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing thing thing thing thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter Potter Potter Potter Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your your your your your name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that that that that that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 5 5 5 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't can't can't can't can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the the the the the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name name name name name is Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We We We We We completed the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you you you you you fall in love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take take take take take a long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we we we we we are back for part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a a a a a little bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting getting getting getting getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and and and and and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my my my my my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I I I I I don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and and and and and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing mouthing mouthing mouthing mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs songs songs songs songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like like like like like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This This This This This is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and and and and and you our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone phone phone phone phone call to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today today today today today. We'll hear a pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before before before before before. What does it pitch sound like before any revenues even before the the the the the product is built in all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling that that idea could turn into a big business today on the show. What a a a a a pitch sounds like when all you have are a few scratches on the back of the the the the the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors investors investors investors investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with with with with with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama Alabama win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have have have have have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to to to to to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good good good good good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after after after after after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host host host host host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level level level level level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and and and and and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of of of of of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? boy boy boy boy Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been been been been been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one can can can can can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say say say say say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able to to to to to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that that that that that I also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep deep deep deep deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's it's it's it's it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will will will will will be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus refocus refocus refocus refocus and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the the the the the memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the the the the the last and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice voice voice voice voice let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the the the the the invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for for for for for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and and and and and he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I I I I I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is is is is is going to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen listen listen listen listen. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going going going going going to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this this this this this half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but but but but but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need to to to to to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many many many many many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me me me me me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about about about about about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation creation creation creation creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you you you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's It's It's It's It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we we we we we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back back back back back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to think think think think think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about about about about about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true true true true true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start start start start start the music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do do do do do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in in in in in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and and and and and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're We're We're We're We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play play play play play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to to to make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called called called called called condiment morning handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to to to to to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you you you you you all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back back back back back. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be be be be be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as as as as as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd you'd you'd you'd you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are are are are are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It It It It It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of of of of of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up up up up up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours hours hours hours hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even even even even even set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do do do do do so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because because because because because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first first first first first of all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question question question question question. Okay. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to to to to to fucking kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day day day day day that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove prove prove prove prove the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He He He He He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like Like Like Like Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been been been been been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl girl girl girl girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you you you you you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's it's it's it's it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl girl girl girl girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses gcses gcses gcses gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in in in in in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to to to to to have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF EF EF EF EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the the the the the background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab grab grab grab grab a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank thank thank thank thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue continue continue continue continue to send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's it's it's it's it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the the the the the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space space space space space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York Times Times Times Times Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called on the the the the the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught caught caught caught caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode episode episode episode episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these these these these these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in in in in in college and we're all very different people but we get along like great great great great great and the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if if if if if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If If If If If you could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of of of of of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is is is is is Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why why why why why I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've explained explained explained explained explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were were were were were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of of of of of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season season season season season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing uh uh uh well on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. Do uh uh well okay we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from so well I mean okay history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful female okay I mean you know um warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia called the uh you know like uh Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and could a like like like like union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good form before okay um you know okay we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I got okay so well I mean to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name so uh uh um is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports you know well um uh is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have well so I mean I mean a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also has what um so okay uh a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct on uh so so um all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true you know uh so well Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the I mean well so uh middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse like okay well I mean division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense okay okay okay I mean for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports like well I mean so or to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a okay like so uh wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine so you know like uh playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been a well I mean like um while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've gone uh okay you know you know from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on I mean well I mean um the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few ways you know you know you know well ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're well I mean like I mean counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're so I mean well um looking back to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles so well okay you know was only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg I mean well okay I mean open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan like like uh okay with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking um like you know okay sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen I mean okay I mean so free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the um like so okay quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the podcast uh like okay you know where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some well so so well reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a you know like um uh little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're well like so okay going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with you know uh well um pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I mean well okay like I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from you know okay like uh a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the you know um uh uh question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept um I mean well you know that is this If is this the quad point is this or we I mean well well uh getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a so like okay uh stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just I mean I mean well like a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's uh um um well been nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's like so um uh get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured uh I mean like so walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think you know like um well duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do okay okay okay so nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm well um I mean well a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the well like so like show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of um I mean uh uh proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's like you know okay so not too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a you know like so okay great how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy you know well okay you know. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement well okay okay I mean games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember okay you know you know uh we're pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together so so you know okay. Ladies and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want you know you know you know so to see cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety well I mean so well seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony uh um like like is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium okay well so so. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm well um you know well trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife um um so I mean on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's because I I mean okay uh like don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in okay okay okay well a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start this okay okay so I mean pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just started. It's like like well uh actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah. That's a okay um like I mean that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode you know well well I mean includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme I mean I mean uh I mean Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good day I mean like um uh for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt you know well well you know from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was like um so so the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the uh okay well um cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled uh you know you know uh down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something well like okay well large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode okay uh well so is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part in okay um like okay the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to I mean so uh like be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has uh uh so well infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going to uh um uh you know give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where we give I mean well I mean you know our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest way to okay so you know I mean make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that it's completely free okay you know okay like. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends Jay I mean you know um well and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that um okay like so are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where uh like okay well we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going like okay I mean so from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the I mean like well okay ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six like I mean I mean like years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to so okay I mean okay go through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you well so like well kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the uh um like so real life. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been so you know so well told I have read that back in the day a massive School of you know you know um okay sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of uh um well uh sardines was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks um well well okay and push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change okay um I mean um for better in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people so um you know I mean respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next um well uh um podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active okay uh like I mean Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark okay well okay okay on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed so like so okay a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually well so uh you know opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with self-discovery you know so I mean you know self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were a okay um uh uh child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll be your okay like um so host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me uh uh like um on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow I mean okay um okay as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss uh uh you know uh a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you I mean I mean you know uh subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family uh I mean like um to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be uh well well so more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast like uh so okay. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know well well like um podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to like so okay okay talk about giving up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And I mean so okay um for peace. I think I think that it's it's where we find peace when um like so um we accept that. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you okay you know so well to know that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All I mean I mean um I mean right, they may look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life well uh so well that they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but um okay well I mean I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast you know you know um you know. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app uh you know I mean so that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've well like okay well got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including music you know like okay okay to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or computer download okay you know so you know the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to get started. In this uh okay um like episode we look at very simple things. You can do in 5 minutes per day well like well you know to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese I mean well so I mean made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading uh uh um I mean on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the well I mean uh like only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing I mean um so I mean this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime you know um like you know. And today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory well okay I mean you know you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun um well uh okay not just don't send him send him off the Earth. What is your problem so so so you know with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say well so okay like cuz I love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple okay so I mean well do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some uh I mean I mean like things you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be I mean well you know um a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device like like okay um is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home you know uh okay you know. You can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel so well so well far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it so well like well at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It so uh so you know uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a um um um like podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers like okay uh I mean your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth on I mean so well uh one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women so I mean like well from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent well so okay I mean their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan uh well uh um lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which I mean I mean uh so means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents like I mean you know uh wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we need I mean so I mean okay the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes that well okay I mean okay specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we um um like like we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's you know well you know okay part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, well you know um well same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the um uh uh okay the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March so okay well so 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games like I mean okay well and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and like so like um satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always okay uh you know well. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy okay um you know like but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in okay so you know well the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to um uh you know I mean chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again okay I mean um okay for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the you know uh so uh show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber okay so well so the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born I mean so um I mean as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a okay well um you know deluge of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him okay I mean I mean you know of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil you know like I mean okay thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and so like um um tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your okay um so I mean cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think so I mean like so about those words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be I mean okay okay okay beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you so okay so okay um much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy it. If you okay okay like uh do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really help I mean I mean uh okay us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing. This um okay I mean uh first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, you you know okay like like know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We hope you well I mean so okay like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you so much you know um I mean you know for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple of weeks of well um okay okay difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also forgive us for uh okay I mean like the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're well like so like trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for well you know um uh your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the so well so uh easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their creation tools um you know I mean uh that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or um uh so you know computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can so so like so be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really well you know you know I mean imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything like you know well you know you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their app. So guys okay well uh so go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started like um so well. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to well uh you know so be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having a good time. We so I mean well you know first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today um so um um. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now um like uh uh folded London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks okay uh like I mean is going to win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was so uh like um playing for the Royals and more. It's another short one. It's going to like um well you know be about five minutes. No, well that's segment is going to be about okay I mean you know well five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show. Hit when you'll see how uh um um well long it is about not listening to it. But before we get into that, I'm just okay like like so going to cover. The oh, I'm just going to run give you a rundown of I mean so well like the all the games this weekend and I will I'm going to talk so like um okay about something else as well. So first game and the Wolves beat I mean you know um I mean the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick well uh um well minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, so you know well um it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's okay okay you know I mean free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from like I mean so uh your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it like like like okay can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also um like well okay make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys you know okay um okay it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the you know so like I mean free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get you know um uh okay started back to the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to I mean I mean I mean like all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without well well you know well a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can well I mean well like follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes so uh okay so to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to uh um you know I mean with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be okay I mean you know so sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or uh I mean uh like browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you so well um like never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily I mean I mean uh I mean episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello I mean like okay you know of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find so I mean okay like your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get uh like uh like cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take I mean uh I mean so this opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I like well I mean you know have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we uh uh like I mean can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey uh okay uh well. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become so like uh you know reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike well well so so Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero I mean well okay I mean. We're going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I well I mean um uh am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who has well so okay okay just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me um uh you know um at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that like I mean um so she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew you know I mean like uh she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to so well I mean I mean finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and well so well um it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do well uh uh okay with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind well like like I mean of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us um uh um like and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f like I mean uh uh m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation well well uh so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean I mean you know so or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard you know I mean I mean so on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money okay well um so from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess uh you know like you know what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think you know I mean well well it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and okay you know um um do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to okay you know uh like make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to you know uh well okay Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the like uh well uh one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the so you know um I mean 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking about like I mean I mean okay it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible uh uh uh I mean low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have so uh okay like Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies well well um so know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole you know um you know okay that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make sure uh um um well you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I have uh you know so uh TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also have I mean like so you know random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig so well so I mean it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may it uh so so so may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just know that when we went you know okay I mean I mean to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and okay well well like Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we like okay so um are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with like you know uh I mean well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you you know well so like live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is um like uh uh you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted you know like well uh to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to uh so um okay look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen uh um um okay to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are I mean I mean I mean uh what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh like um uh you know my God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in uh I mean so so specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think you know okay um uh he's okay. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning um well like like. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as uh like um I mean polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga um well I mean okay one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will you know like well you know we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is the um um well so Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how long okay like you know well were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah uh um like uh. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this okay well so so is good book really. This is a good book. I just looked at you know well like um this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know what? you know um um I mean No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- so okay I mean well L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for I mean okay uh like season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden uh uh I mean like the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend you know um well um. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready okay I mean like uh to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about uh uh well um to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up you know uh okay okay in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my well well like um alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like so like okay okay a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, so I mean okay um we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal okay you know um well. I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are um I mean like okay good for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you I mean so I mean I mean guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite you know okay I mean so artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account you know uh so you know necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening you know um um I mean to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an well uh uh you know episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are so well um um a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where well uh like you know you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the okay like uh okay Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab uh so well you know and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's you know okay uh I mean see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 um like so um what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast I mean so so I mean with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this so well uh so episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle so uh um well gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure I mean well so well that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, okay well uh well Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one uh you know well okay minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit uh well okay uh of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and I mean um so well regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly well um so okay to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move you know you know well so on I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath okay you know you know um. That's all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's well so like I mean up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people I mean I mean uh well watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on you know okay um um your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient uh well um well. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die like okay well you know in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today well well you know you know and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes uh like like I mean. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing well um like you know Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed the well like well well Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's so so I mean I mean I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to um you know uh um Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of like I mean um like the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one so I mean uh so time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this well uh so like little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, like uh well I mean I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've um I mean you know okay been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on uh so um okay iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a like so I mean so draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual I mean well uh I mean Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your well uh okay uh host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and awaken like you know well well to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories I mean you know um you know and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human you know so you know I mean experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light okay well okay like and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back you know well uh you know. So it has been about a month since my last episode but I went off to um um uh okay have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the uh like well like basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance um uh um uh to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot um like well so. The top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive well I mean uh uh. I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too I mean you know okay uh fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig uh I mean okay so like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make fun of I mean you know uh you know me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I uh uh like um don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in you know like okay well my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking so you know I mean so out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding I mean so like uh all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we I mean I mean I mean um just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you uh I mean okay I mean create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to okay well so well get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a like um you know um good escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all so well you know I mean you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here I mean like well well to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and so um so um advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the um so uh so industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be okay um uh um talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean like you know you know uh Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my well well like well very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for I mean so you know I mean over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to do um you know uh like it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you I mean so uh okay don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our uh so so okay podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just break um you know like I mean it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing you know okay you know I mean you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so I mean well uh you know that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your okay you know okay uh computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can uh so um uh be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put like so uh uh it you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum uh well um uh listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that okay like okay um you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go like like like well to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit um you know um uh out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm um I mean uh like not doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing okay okay uh um that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that I mean I mean uh okay. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick so you know well well up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uncle killed like um well like someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back well you know uh so to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have um uh like uh had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of you know so um like solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to hear I mean uh um so more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates uh I mean you know uh. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous okay okay well okay faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that you know I mean so well you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any man okay uh well um is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who well so like um has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas. He is uh so um well of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for um so okay well three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six like you know okay well degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally I mean I mean I mean um found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think okay so you know like anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon I mean I mean okay you know. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin so so so so Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was um like so um just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad okay like like so Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make you know you know um you know this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode well like so like of I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So okay so you know okay today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining um so um well our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at okay like um well st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you um I mean um uh ever I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so well I mean okay so, what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor get so okay uh okay it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain you know uh uh like. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a I mean well I mean like creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone so well I mean so or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we well like um um do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay well so I mean. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more like um well well and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything so um I mean so you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download uh you know so okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And I mean uh like I mean now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to so I mean well okay tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but so okay you know like now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other so I mean you know um podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, you know you know you know um it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want okay like so I mean. To another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next okay like uh like time. You complain about me saying no many you do the intro like like okay um after that couch. All right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show okay well uh like you how it's done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already okay you know well so did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to talk I mean uh like okay about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like wow, this is like I mean like okay okay a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can tie me so so uh okay feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to get into okay well you know so but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, oh I well you know well you know could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to talk about um I mean okay like and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's you know um you know so not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 so um you know um greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is so uh like um my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify you know uh okay okay on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast um I mean I mean well and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is uh um like um great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit okay okay well uh these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never like you know well I mean miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on uh like well like Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and you know uh like I mean whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded uh um I mean like already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download so okay um okay the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the I mean okay so um you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you uh so well so never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get I mean so well um into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast well okay uh so where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out like so I mean so mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that like um like like sort of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like I mean like well like NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with you know well so uh calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor uh well okay so it's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and okay well I mean well everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love you know well I mean you know free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean okay so okay own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for um like like well you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that way so like I mean uh people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast like you know um um with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in well uh like okay one place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F you know okay like so m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast you know I mean like well for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey well I mean okay uh towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't well uh um like forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back I mean so I mean I mean in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency so I mean okay okay speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already um like like uh talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you uh um uh okay grunting as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life I mean I mean okay well. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And well well like I mean I calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds well um like like of making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the uh like okay uh Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high you know you know you know so higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate I mean you know um so your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in well like um so this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something you know um um well we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it so like I mean I mean more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything well like uh okay else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is okay you know um you know the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up okay so you know I mean a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured I mean I mean well well his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back okay I mean you know so today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just okay so um well do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you know I mean okay well you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode like you know uh like. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where so well uh uh you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available so I mean well I mean to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We okay okay I mean uh discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The okay you know um I mean Wizarding World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin uh you know um like. We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings okay so um um about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 okay like okay well 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some like like uh like announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel well okay so you know free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team okay uh okay like on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 um well uh you know have a few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check out so um like well our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and okay okay you know uh I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by you know I mean okay um the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make I mean I mean I mean okay a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people uh well like I mean have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get their like I mean okay so podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do so I mean okay you know it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? I mean like I mean so Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those okay you know um so of you that have been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep okay um okay I mean harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on you know so uh well Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels that I mean you know so like are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard of so it um um you know I mean does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're well okay uh I mean listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right so I mean okay um. Keep in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it well I mean like well. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm okay well you know well Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, I well um well um do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play so okay um like drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's do well I mean I mean I mean a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so you know well like so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure you know like like uh right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven so like um um and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes well so um okay into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It was really so uh like I mean interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so I grew you know so so uh up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson so like okay like Fowler with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina you know well so uh Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear like uh uh uh that albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot well like you know you know of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to I mean I mean like okay traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a uh um so I mean clock. In the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered so okay like um the baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch I mean so uh well the basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts like I mean you know okay and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball like you know so um game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily like um uh um stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the um so uh um views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode okay okay like so 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually like I mean I mean I mean happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which I mean okay so uh is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast like okay um okay. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of so um like you know age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's health I mean okay like so and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold down okay um okay uh here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio at Loyola well um well you know University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward to this uh I mean um uh episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest today I mean you know I mean I mean is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to I mean you know like well my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge like um uh um today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone like you know like um in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from um uh okay well Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this was okay so uh I mean special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting uh uh like uh your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's the so I mean well you know easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free I mean well you know I mean. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that uh um well I mean allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's you know okay um you know just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard so um uh well on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight like well I mean okay different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast so um I mean okay and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to like like so well make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor um I mean like you know app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first um so well uh in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those like uh well well of you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't so like you know well notice but we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get okay well you know you know into it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike okay I mean I mean um as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I you know um you know so am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the uh so I mean uh world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and we are okay uh well I mean honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a I mean uh well okay physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying so you know um uh this because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air as well I mean um you know well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized you know um uh so after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of my eyes you know like so uh. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, it was you know you know um like so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on the well okay uh okay table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, I also you know um um I mean realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't do uh uh so I mean much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The first thing I tried um okay I mean well was to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They well I mean you know um got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is you know so so like Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode well uh well you know and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm um well well well going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so so well like uh I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to so so I mean like kind of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best um well well I mean way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about so like like you know in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am you know um okay so a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards like um I mean you know the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with so you know um so the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically I mean uh so like what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I uh so you know uh use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never you know I mean okay so have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling you know well uh uh flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do so I mean um like. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh like you know like you know and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, like okay uh like otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's I mean um okay uh your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino you know well okay well tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call uh I mean okay so me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I well like so uh like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into uh you know like I mean and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they um so I mean I mean surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen um so you know okay if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're um okay well uh going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery like okay you know you know power over there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So um so okay um I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad well you know you know uh reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the I mean um I mean uh diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none okay well okay okay of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that well okay like like these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a so uh okay I mean few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year okay you know I mean okay one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is uh you know so well that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from okay um um um the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than so like I mean so they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me so well um okay up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet uh um you know um on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created I mean um well I mean an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in so um so okay the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along like well well so the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance um okay um so and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller um like you know so. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning like I mean so okay all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are I mean uh I mean like going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with I mean um well I mean the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again okay um uh um for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want you know well okay um to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English well like I mean like teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of like I mean uh uh other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it those uh uh okay uh militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite podcast I mean okay you know uh. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very distressed Jean you know so like like Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane heartthrob so I mean okay you know Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path. Coffee okay you know okay you know popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are 90 okay like well so Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did not well like well uh last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is so okay uh well Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because I mean well well um it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though okay uh uh so we've been on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory so like um like courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your okay well so okay clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or so like like uh tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is important um um you know uh information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even more important you know I mean you know so than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good well I mean uh well communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to uh okay okay so get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check you know uh you know uh any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have um okay you know you know a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas I mean I mean um well and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2 um so like you know. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some you know okay you know like really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope so I mean I mean well you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great I mean like I mean uh for the podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message so so okay I mean because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly um okay I mean um just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just I mean okay I mean okay to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring I mean so okay like in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality I mean uh uh like disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your like I mean well so host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of uh you know um um the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental I mean well okay okay health and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need okay so well okay them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's well so I mean uh episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at I mean you know well um swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some okay uh you know well of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is okay you know um well expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize like okay so um for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted I mean well uh okay to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new okay I mean like I mean way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as so uh uh I mean you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted like uh like um and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our I mean uh okay uh budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not well so uh like yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made like okay um uh to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for well um um so the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next like you know well okay steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year uh well I mean um 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've well so you know okay selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with like you know um um additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide uh uh so I mean variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but I mean you know like like we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not like okay so um to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night. He okay so like I mean was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows okay well um um foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf you know uh I mean like and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global you know um uh well celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an so okay so um American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic Universe so so um well movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to celebrity crushes you know I mean so like Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about today's I mean uh like like topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip to okay you know okay like the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware so well um okay of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to okay um like uh be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost three well um uh okay years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me back you know uh um okay in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good I mean uh I mean well better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and you know okay I mean uh podcast landscape and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of okay so um okay Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change uh um I mean well it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far well I mean you know uh as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of you know you know so so the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You uh so I mean uh better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk you know well I mean uh now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have I mean okay uh you know Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready I mean so okay um and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And uh you know I mean like as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a well I mean like you know because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering well so well like for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T um like uh I mean show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and okay um okay like video series we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I I mean um like I mean really appreciate you guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So um uh you know uh I'm making this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and uh like um so 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of so you know uh okay you know, the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What okay uh okay okay are some undervalued cards of is right. Now that people can go out and buy uh okay like well based on what his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing like like you know okay right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and well um okay okay everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work well um okay so on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a okay okay well uh day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be um well um like directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project okay I mean like um now our work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting like um I mean so things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is like so okay you know all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will you know I mean like like talk about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop okay okay I mean you know Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news like okay like you know coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy like so um so. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say um okay so like folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his I mean you know I mean like fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all uh okay so well welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We uh like uh uh this is a this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it uh like uh uh has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he okay okay uh so was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like I mean you know well a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get well like um well anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to well well so so record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also uh um I mean you know distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and so um like I mean many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything so like I mean like you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app or go to I mean uh well you know Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM to you know uh you know well get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be immersed well uh you know so by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but four you like I mean okay um probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And like uh okay um this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode so um like you know. It is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother like so um so month a whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week well um like okay next week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up uh you know I mean well. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my um well okay okay March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener I mean I mean like well discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo um well like I mean Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him you know like so so to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door flung uh like like uh open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street I mean you know so you know. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his captors didn't reply well uh so so. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside okay well like okay the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him um I mean I mean so then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the okay okay um um body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good okay well like okay talk anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just so so so well ate shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but you know okay you know so All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright I mean uh so uh. So what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back when okay um I mean okay I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen uh so like um. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going you know I mean okay um to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one I mean I mean like okay you Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third so so I mean okay Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or I mean okay well uh do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, like so so uh if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have well um so um noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had um I mean so so dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt like uh like so Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue uh like um uh that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she um like uh um talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us you know you know like okay as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you so I mean uh I mean Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving you know okay uh okay wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously you know uh um you know spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So I mean you know well um you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow um so like uh dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in uh like so okay older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with like you know like I mean other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment um well um so is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated okay um well so fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three I mean uh so uh to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 2 so well well so 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these are you know like I mean like very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a I mean okay you know so pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today okay like you know like we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce um okay okay okay myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified you know uh uh well Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 okay okay um uh patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have I mean you know I mean okay a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So I mean so so so literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest like you know like so who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it you know you know you know well is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of uh you know you know you know which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you well uh uh so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will so like so I mean distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast uh okay I mean um and many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and so I mean uh you know it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free okay well uh uh anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ashley I mean like like um. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for this? We'll so okay well so get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional content um I mean I mean um creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is something that you know I mean okay like is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for okay I mean okay well this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There are well I mean um well tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like like like uh phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my well I mean okay okay phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor I mean uh okay so distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at you know okay so I mean this point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of you know you know okay I mean challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with I mean like so so enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as okay I mean uh so I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual you know uh I mean um met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you okay um like okay know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What uh you know like uh kind of host how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the well okay you know like lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is you know um like okay a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to so well you know well bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize um uh okay so fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel um uh you know like qualified to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a wealth okay uh um like of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy well you know you know well. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of well you know um well two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and I mean uh so well days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called um you know like I mean Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals well like you know like to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's well you know you know well it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can um uh I mean okay hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight like okay I mean you know we welcome on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl um so you know I mean my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl uh you know well I mean. Hey, what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what I mean okay like you know do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola well I mean like okay. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But well so you know you know um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist I mean uh so like training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I okay you know well like brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit you know you know so okay myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of so uh um uh making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you uh you know so like doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you so um I mean you know want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much well um well so stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids um I mean okay I mean come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the uh uh you know so where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about okay okay you know like house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep I mean I mean uh like. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is like well well so fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I okay so well I mean was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times um well so uh by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was so so uh okay still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back like you know so you know. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game okay well like well. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the big burn um you know uh I mean from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in a like like I mean well horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people looked well you know I mean I mean at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service to so okay uh so hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you get your podcasts um like I mean okay. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution well um uh well is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 well well like like Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush uh so uh like on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, so you know I mean I mean and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting I mean you know uh okay started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I mean so uh well I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own so well okay okay Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing well you know um um this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you know okay um you know you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like okay I mean like um to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click um I mean you know okay on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon is okay uh you know um 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class so like um uh up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether this well I mean well um is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much so you know I mean okay for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me is the well so you know well Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse so I mean like so me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is like okay okay well. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked um I mean well I mean to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, we just okay like okay well kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is like you know like okay the place you're going to want to head on over to you can find well like well like us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty I mean uh so um cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an angel man so you know okay I mean has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was it was sick the I mean okay you know like what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the cup of the Exile boys like well well like. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR you know uh um okay house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond uh like you know like if you didn't if you didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, well like okay so right cause like that sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I well so you know well don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean um like uh. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record so you know okay okay and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you know like okay um you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can okay okay so uh make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make okay uh uh so a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are you uh um um I mean living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all have that well um well okay picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to you so I mean uh okay is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well uh like uh so why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't like so like um seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people uh um okay well on the go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail like um you know you know is life saving. Once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named um well you know so Martin. He had received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he okay so I mean uh booked his ticket but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong like so so like Kong International Airport. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline okay okay well uh had reserved his preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the like well uh you know art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who like okay like so are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community that uh you know well you know elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you up I mean um so okay for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a well like like um special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best Ajman okay well well like and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's you know uh you know well your business your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus like I mean uh uh. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and well like you know um retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to um so okay okay our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've like I mean um like sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, um so so you know and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for okay um so I mean international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening you know so so you know. In today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the I mean um um so Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of I mean uh uh I mean them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with um like I mean well Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now I mean um um well. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip like well uh uh. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show um so you know well. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed so you know I mean um with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my uh so I mean uh immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having okay uh okay well you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with uh okay um like AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for so um I mean okay Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world well I mean okay you know. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other I mean so like so day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the like well um um start of any number two. And before we get going we want to give so I mean well okay a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star so so you know so Sports the premier enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game well so um uh going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of okay uh I mean like great training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even well um well I mean the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome uh you know like I mean to our weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help um okay okay okay you Ace your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this okay um well okay podcast helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, I mean um I mean so this week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this uh I mean so um might mean for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now well so uh I mean have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is um uh um like the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that um uh so like when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time we so you know I mean you know do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, even well you know um well this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if you break I mean uh okay um down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into Small little Adam and Adam like uh I mean you know in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies. They are a form of uh well um um energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The uh you know um well run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform well I mean you know uh your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches uh well well you know and athletes the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we well okay so I mean will get the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that well um I mean like you can be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did so okay so well they get so fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do um well you know you know a deep dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner so okay okay you know. How to gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a um I mean I mean uh previous background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have okay uh um um an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have um well um uh been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they well um well okay all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or I mean so okay well Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there are uh you know um okay people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to sports so I mean you know so Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports like well um you know take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've you know um you know okay got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing well like I mean you know director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator uh okay like like and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company so like um so since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky enough like okay so uh to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a uh I mean uh okay Lisa Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a okay well well you know host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is like well you know I mean the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically okay I mean okay like like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you uh uh um so guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can like so okay uh ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on uh okay uh okay she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me okay I mean well um one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing uh you know like I mean show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the uh you know I mean well inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and you know well so so tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women um you know you know like all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, so um I mean well she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in so well you know like Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila you know well well like. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson um um um so today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you I mean so well well achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's okay so okay okay Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been uh well you know you know for many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your um you know so so life or did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 you know like uh um and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in so you know I mean uh general and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all so so I mean uh are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so don't um um so um say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button. If you know so um um you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you could smash um you know um you know the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the message out to so well okay so more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host like uh you know I mean Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this uh like so um entry. We need to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably uh like like like the power just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So um uh you know okay yeah, today's topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we well okay uh I mean have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard so I mean so like of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's like okay I mean you know a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast uh so I mean so right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once well so um okay you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can I mean um so uh make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank so so um like you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and well so um um this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority um well okay you know in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are you know uh um okay many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon. And you know so um well today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which um well I mean I mean I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about for those you know well you know so who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about okay so okay so our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get okay uh like well any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay like I mean um you know or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and okay so like I mean opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric so you know so uh McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he like um well um gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips so um I mean uh and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can you know like so I mean A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their well uh uh you know career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and uh you know okay like ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is okay okay okay you know a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are you know uh okay I mean looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us so okay I mean like out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former um you know well okay A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep uh you know you know okay this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you so like so okay know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm you know okay you know so your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for so uh like okay you today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to um okay uh well talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a um you know I mean okay first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to so uh so um everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get so you know like well him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and like I mean well I mean Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, I mean um so you know the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five like well uh so minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me well okay like okay for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the social media okay uh okay I mean Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually created you know uh well you know a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a step not uh um uh I mean skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything like so uh well in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. There uh so so uh is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score so well so so last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just um you know well um a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher uh uh so okay spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, so um so well it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the so I mean I mean like point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr you know you know um so. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for a like well so well hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had you know okay well you know this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because um okay like uh I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you like like so I mean so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head um uh okay uh over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some you know okay well well pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to like well uh well our patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you well so um like awesome content just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm um I mean uh like so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the okay you know I mean like woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look forward uh okay okay um to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for so uh um okay tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So you know well uh so bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of these that you know you know you know well we do we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on the like well I mean well show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to be I mean I mean okay I mean going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is my I mean you know okay um very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just well I mean you know okay here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make I mean um uh you know a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to you know so uh um make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which um uh uh so you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to I mean um you know like record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you know okay I mean um you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more well okay so so you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can like okay so well make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money you know um I mean um from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing um well you know uh probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time so I mean you know I mean Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's so like like okay staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it uh um like I mean just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the so uh okay okay NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make sense I mean uh so well for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make uh you know okay okay sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team at okay like you know like 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get I mean okay well well you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- like you know okay well to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the uh okay okay well free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on um you know like so your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about well like uh like whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by uh um like so whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free okay um like so. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot so like so uh f m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about uh uh like you know anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools okay like you know well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer okay I mean well so anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple uh you know uh uh podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership well well you know so. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download okay I mean uh so the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, like like so okay howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about a well I mean so I mean meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an image. It's well uh I mean well an idea that people have and we're going to look into it understand that nothing. I so you know you know um say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam um um I mean well. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough free you know you know like you know agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should I mean okay like okay really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast uh okay like well when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We well uh okay okay did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously I mean well okay um we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron you know okay I mean well Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it I mean so so so and that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, well like you know I mean but it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one like so um okay one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How um so so so are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all I mean well you know so hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an you know well you know you know avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current you know you know you know uh timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of uh so um uh order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining you know you know uh well your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait okay okay you know so. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you okay um okay uh like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big well you know like uh fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little uh um uh so idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor uh you know I mean uh dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms okay you know um like. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone well well uh uh or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor like so you know you know app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs um uh like um when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf like well well you know 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a I mean uh I mean uh bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are going to you know I mean well um take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask well uh uh like where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing because you know you know um I mean you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind of like like you know you know a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the usual you know so so uh FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references and of okay like okay uh course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted like I mean so uh one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered a um so okay well precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things well uh okay you know Animal Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our like you know uh uh newest patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's you know uh so okay countdown questions talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and like um uh um there will be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience okay um uh I mean playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? so okay I mean uh Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But well um like like in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a um so you know I mean lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those um okay uh I mean in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to um so I mean okay say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I you know okay well um am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very okay um well so close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided you know okay um I mean today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the so I mean okay I mean room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of so so okay I mean mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven. I well like you know uh hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say okay uh so you know thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on uh um okay I mean Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So well uh uh so thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier I mean like like you know League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the well okay uh well biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It so so you know you know was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go um well um well off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one like uh I mean uh exactly one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a I mean well so well weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings you know um uh well to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and um um I mean so as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new so um okay um 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to you know you know you know you know share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted um well so well to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the well okay like well most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog uh uh well so posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to well I mean okay you know write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily okay like uh so devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live I mean okay like um with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in I mean uh okay uh 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 like like um uh today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if the so you know like like tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a so well I mean so house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent we you know um I mean um groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on well um uh um we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we well like you know okay groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to I mean so well you know talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record well uh well like my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent um well you know so free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your I mean um okay um podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well well you know so I mean after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast okay um I mean you know for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and I mean you know well okay many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum I mean I mean I mean uh listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download like I mean well like the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I mean uh I mean uh I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening I mean um like okay to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the um well like okay left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. It okay uh so like works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we like I mean well well save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms so you know okay like to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here I mean so so you know. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate well um you know uh and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears well so uh so. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has like I mean you know I mean used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge okay well you know uh fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page so um um uh the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her uh uh uh like and her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, well okay okay so when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I knew well you know okay well it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? Not okay well I mean well so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, I so uh well okay told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh get your I mean like so you know mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now. Anyway, I uh you know okay like saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into the foreign exchange program that uh okay well so she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty. Package for me so you know I mean well to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You know why they call uh um I mean okay her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or like so so you know freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on um well uh you know our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a you know you know like okay Phenom. I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a uh um uh uh book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit okay like well well in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching so uh you know like experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco you know uh okay well Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack I mean okay you know so Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with um like uh um a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about so well okay I mean the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share like you know um uh with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano so well you know you know say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and so like uh I mean it's all about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion of like um you know I mean his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation um you know you know well coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my like uh so so life. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it uh well uh I mean. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, okay um I mean okay oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be making more um so okay well black looking things. I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed like I mean well like. Hey, this is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is you know like um you know the first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the you know you know I mean I mean Armory show in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple uh well like so of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we well so okay like managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're well I mean um like listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you you know um uh you know for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery okay okay you know okay. If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from okay I mean okay so the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to um so well so rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour like well I mean I mean yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my okay I mean okay like podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely I mean you know okay you know love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so you know so uh podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and like like okay like edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your um um um like podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many I mean um uh okay more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything okay okay uh well you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is download so okay well like the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started you know um you know okay. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard like well I mean uh about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you well um you know um haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will like um like uh elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that you know like um okay allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your you know okay well so computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing well okay um uh it from my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute so okay I mean well your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many well uh like like more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you you know uh like okay can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome okay you know okay you know for me because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything like I mean you know so you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and okay you know um well night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a like like um um little circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's so so um like hero is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn I mean so I mean um Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a um so well I mean big river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to like um well um New York each year and take pictures of it. And one of the uh like um like main people who helped build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the okay so you know okay John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven like like well uh cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United okay I mean uh um States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed um uh okay I mean with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had you know well uh I mean any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going uh well well okay on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from so um so I mean our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end uh so I mean so of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the you know well uh uh criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or uh well um so wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York so well so like City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The uh okay so I mean criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there um so um I mean for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right like like I mean uh here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories well okay like so that people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they well you know so I mean learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more I mean I mean okay you know importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today um you know like you know. Now in this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going okay okay I mean so to say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here well so so like with the weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I I mean well okay like know the storm hit and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next okay well um so level. I am not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming you know well I mean um doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this like well so well has been a meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long like I mean I mean okay don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the um uh well I mean world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most you know well so like notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most you know um well like fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips like you know well so from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, uh like so you know like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is like you know like uh you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts um well so um a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing you know like um um cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and John so okay um I mean which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to be understood about um I mean you know so a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were very different in regards like I mean well like to how people lived. So most people in England lived and worked on the well like like I mean land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life was at actually a I mean you know like well pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to survive and live uh I mean um okay tended to be very short for so for those people within a so um uh like medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and if you're lucky well um so like as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode I mean okay so like of Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His um uh I mean I mean name is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I I mean you know you know you know actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as well like well I mean the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said you know uh I mean like that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little well okay well okay heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have I mean well so you know had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a you know okay I mean like Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few okay okay okay um months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You okay uh uh um want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is okay you know um so Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having um you know uh okay the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro well I mean um okay there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the like so okay like are the toffee Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and like you know like uh this week. I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, so okay like I mean I'm gonna go on to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and um like um you know big old Mitch and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So well um like so we'll just go as we always do talking about the game that happened so so okay uh yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your well you know I mean like host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you okay um okay uh need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your well okay uh well dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to well um uh well fill you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really like you know well um effectively over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to like okay well um share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients like um well uh into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is um uh well um on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he like so well um talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about okay so uh so to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And okay you know like you know in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either you know like okay okay places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of so so okay uh his open hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I mean well so uh I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want I mean so uh um to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick uh so so so introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which okay uh um well means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which so you know uh well is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in you know um so um Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm okay you know okay like Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, like okay okay okay I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work like well you know so on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I like you know uh um just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more um uh uh you know energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast well so uh I mean comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed uh okay um okay to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast um uh um um producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because well you know um um it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also uh like um so free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and well so okay like all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it okay I mean uh like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you um you know well so can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are so uh you know so. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast like well um you know all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We uh uh like you know are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special I mean um so so episode. I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the like I mean well okay competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since um well so you know it was the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so like okay I mean well I got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd well you know you know you know get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and um um um uh we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want okay well so I mean his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked a um uh so uh little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all uh like so okay my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into my okay um I mean so bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like you know okay I mean uh Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of well um uh like like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at so uh okay uh all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting you know so I mean I mean where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's um well okay so like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like so uh you know well a glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room uh I mean so um more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you well uh I mean um for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you okay you know you know okay it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting I mean uh um like for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in okay I mean you know you know order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, um like um uh you know, doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of uh uh so so it that says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great okay I mean you know you know things. But there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal okay okay um you know by yourself, but me how far now you know, so I mean, we're well uh like like just we're just going to flow today and we just hope that you guys okay well well I mean get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old okay so like okay daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any like um you know you know worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the you know you know uh so mysterious brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our well uh well like series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into okay so so so some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you so you know well okay listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener so um so so discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including I mean like so well the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast. Hello, like okay okay uh you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht uh so okay um Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology can support like uh okay you know learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big Ed you know uh I mean so Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or not mobile well uh you know uh devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation well okay like uh with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well known to okay I mean like well our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a number you know so so um of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about so okay like well the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is you know like like uh about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology well um okay so and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe like well uh like D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a I mean okay okay well time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily you know um uh so. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for okay okay um like the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her I mean um you know okay girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that I mean okay you know I mean she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is uh I mean okay well that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where like like uh uh she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out like I mean okay well though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she well um you know I mean states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has so so well you know financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her so okay like so income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer okay you know okay uh a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I you know I mean well well want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be you know well you know okay allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus you know okay uh so. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that I mean like okay okay guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I you know okay um like am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today we have you know okay you know okay a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get it. So well I mean well I mean Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet like you know okay I mean we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the chemistry okay um I mean you know but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be but I mean um so so it was there. We took the we just say major so we had all I mean um okay well the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree I mean well well um planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part um you know so like of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting um you know okay um as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of so you know like so people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However so you know like okay tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in I mean um um like the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences uh um um well bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed uh you know you know well light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel I mean you know I mean you know in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as so um so I mean a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming okay okay uh I mean from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to okay you know so okay the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not you know like like you know drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or I mean well okay uh build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different well I mean um like levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right um um so so products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What so okay okay um type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you uh okay you know I mean want to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're uh you know well well finding are ones. You actually want to work with if you want to well uh I mean so make money doing this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what uh so so you know I'm going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at all okay I mean um um three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide well um uh well to build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before you know okay okay um we get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you to uh you know like you know get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results like okay like uh from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more okay okay okay well calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each um um so I mean workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or under train okay I mean well uh. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of your workout? That's I mean I mean I mean um what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, let's kick well you know um uh it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to well so like um help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling asleep um so well okay and I found that over the years when I listen to the word of God okay um okay so. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so as you so like like okay listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an inspiration like like um okay to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, you know so uh I mean you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text well so um uh K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy okay like so okay Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I you know okay I mean um was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list I mean you know so well given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this I mean like like okay couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends I mean um I mean well. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon so uh you know uh everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and well well okay okay I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to I mean you know um well introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a uh um you know like spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to um uh like like start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone so um you know you know to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate so well uh well raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of um so so uh our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your um you know well well boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so okay uh okay you know we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 like um so uh board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did so like I mean okay you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no you know well uh so prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible uh okay like so and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the um so so so podcast we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a like uh so so special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes you know like I mean like ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I uh uh you know like mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to uh uh so um be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in well like I mean I mean and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on well okay uh you know camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people I mean okay uh like fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day uh uh like so. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's well you know okay well 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe okay so I mean you know and it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM um uh okay I mean that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard okay like well I mean time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, um so you know um you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours uh you know well um. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If you know you know so okay so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business I mean okay like um tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for uh you know I mean well / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg I mean um so so. Forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and um uh you know well I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional you know so well uh as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by okay um so well other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so um uh well well say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here with uh I mean well okay Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from you know so um well Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing I mean um you know like great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for like like like well yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I like like um um I mean you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah um I mean so like. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got uh okay well like like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out I mean uh you know well because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a like uh you know okay space docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be okay you know like okay covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies okay I mean um like or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right like I mean uh okay from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news um well you know uh on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if well um like um like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with you know like okay um all that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult consumption like so like I mean only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 uh um um um was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All uh I mean so like I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back um well so um seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you know, I well uh uh well definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking to God um uh you know you know. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this. Welcome to Infamous well so like uh the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a you know okay like okay hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the uh uh okay so podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite okay okay um so video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring well you know you know well two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for uh uh okay um BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you I mean um um I mean make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I hope you like um okay um guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part okay like so okay 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this you know well uh I mean one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There um you know I mean like are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If okay okay like you know this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back and well uh uh you know listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all of the I mean so you know okay information in part to her story all her tips the way that she parents um uh so so it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you um uh like so know where she came from part 1 is all about her life as a young uh so I mean so girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman so well you know I mean and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show start like I mean um well brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside um so uh okay outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're like you know um you know talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a okay okay you know I mean pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were like um uh well Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born well um well okay in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man okay uh um I mean and have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was like I mean I mean uh controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be well I mean okay so a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's so I mean okay okay your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello like you know I mean okay. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free. Rio well um um uh well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long well uh well you know as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that like so um I mean now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog so I mean well so word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so like so like uh nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the Metropolitan you know like you know well. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to the I mean um okay I mean tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that would like well um uh make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically you know um I mean I mean they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at the points you know you know I mean well it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation like like I mean uh we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers you know I mean uh okay beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a you know okay I mean so back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the okay so you know um topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got so uh like like an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably okay so like I mean since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching so uh uh so him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got uh like so uh a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he I mean okay okay I mean meets his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group well um uh so of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that um I mean like well she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a um um so um podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy like uh so um Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, um so well um and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I um um uh uh mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a um um uh okay draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going um well uh okay in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff I mean okay like like to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First you know I mean okay okay. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and you know uh okay like they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time they're uh so um uh going to throw it in used at least that we know of so read so you know I mean uh a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before like well okay well we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during the regular um like so okay season without telling the teams or players that they were using it like um like um. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league so um I mean you know the practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about like I mean um so anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't well okay okay okay heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's okay you know okay um free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from you know you know you know well your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be um I mean um uh heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast with well um uh uh no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one I mean like so so place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- well like so so to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast I mean like so um. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly like okay so um. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so like so um like excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, so so um so and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of you know so I mean okay a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by so um so well using anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you know uh uh so you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone um uh okay uh tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app uh you know well well to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your you know like I mean um podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify you know like okay you know Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast with so so well I mean no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to so well so like get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a uh okay uh like podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put I mean well I mean um any money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal like okay so so. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from like like um um your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of um so you know okay money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you know like so um it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the you know uh uh well best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything okay well well okay you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go okay okay well okay to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza okay I mean okay you know and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If um so so so you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, well I mean like uh Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and like well well okay losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode you know you know so well of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women uh um well I mean hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest you know okay um uh month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all that um so well so Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up I mean you know I mean okay to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had chosen um okay I mean well after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs that he like uh okay like was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and spoke uh uh okay so about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast I mean so um well. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the um um you know okay easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects well you know well so are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as well so so okay software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host okay uh um um the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using I mean well so well different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything so you know okay okay we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet you know um well you know or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make well you know uh you know money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious uh uh um okay about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready well like okay you know to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before now uh okay um like as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up to for I mean you know um you know a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the um you know like okay field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation uh you know well like with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what so you know uh so I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how are like um well uh you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old um well you know so same old. I need to start this though with a bit of respect here. It's so okay I mean okay the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like well um okay a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use so okay um um to record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an I mean I mean I mean you know anchor will distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such I mean okay uh I mean as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's uh well you know I mean everything you need in one place download the free anchor app or go to well so well um Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend okay you know um okay. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once um I mean so I mean again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion I mean so okay um soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is like okay uh okay Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and uh uh I mean like iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so uh okay I mean you know in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we like I mean so well had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first you know like you know okay time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going I mean I mean so well to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any like well um so Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you so okay um uh have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk okay um um you know to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, um I mean I mean okay that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of like um um so diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them I mean um so I mean. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you well okay you know okay can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, well like okay um right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host uh I mean so you know Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists okay okay okay um. These are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube you know uh you know well. If you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on uh uh you know well Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social you know so um I mean media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say you know you know well um hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get I mean you know I mean you know into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in like uh like I mean the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using well you know so um drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people um I mean um okay will tell you that at one point or another they have had some experience where they um uh well um thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led I mean I mean um like them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high you know well um uh Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be okay so okay like seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum like uh um I mean laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred um so I mean okay and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have you know okay like so a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks I mean um you know I mean for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your uh uh uh well name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield well um uh I mean. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm uh you know uh okay involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back um so uh you know with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last I mean like you know okay few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as like I mean I mean you know of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And um I mean uh um this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected um you know so okay and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor uh okay um I mean of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death okay okay okay I mean in the US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country so well so so. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 um you know um okay cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me well um uh well explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from okay so well I mean your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So it can well so uh well be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your okay like um uh podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Because well um okay um obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So thank you so I mean um um anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F like okay um uh m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you know I mean um you know uh for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We just have an like um I mean you know interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a special special edition this well I mean I mean I mean week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars session with so I mean um you know Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening wherever you I mean you know uh I mean are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the um so okay um Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba okay um um well the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon like uh like so is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and I'm well um I mean I mean here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives well like well you know in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture so so I mean so. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan uh you know you know you know Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both um like you know um watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how um well uh okay wacky is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot you know so I mean so of different components that we have to get into so there it's going to well okay you know you know start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in so you know okay uh the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor um well okay well it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free uh so you know so and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast like okay um um from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple okay so uh well and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can so you know I mean like make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You well you know well uh gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need so you know you know well to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on uh uh well so the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's you know um I mean uh going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything okay I mean I mean so and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode uh okay uh I mean alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out so so uh um and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then um so you know you know topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl okay you know I mean you know goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who uh well like you know you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day like uh well um and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the um okay so I mean video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like talked like you know so well about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully you know um uh um not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen each okay okay well like other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of um well so um podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the basics of you know uh like uh the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube. Each episode like um like okay will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully like like um um you know say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John I mean I mean uh well by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from well you know so okay the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? uh um uh well So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this first I mean you know I mean okay episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is okay like um um right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local um okay well well bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just so well um um yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the uh like I mean um roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back In Town so um okay well. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs like you know okay so are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have uh like so you know chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? uh you know uh so Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your like so you know okay right to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you got to you know uh so I mean fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I became well so uh um good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach Bree like um you know uh was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to um I mean I mean I mean occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of you know okay so so her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for like okay okay um her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA okay I mean so well Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of I mean well I mean I mean knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going I mean uh I mean like to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations okay so okay uh and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the uh so okay um face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human um okay okay you know design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and so okay well you know energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where okay so so like it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design like okay uh uh and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and um like like uh of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design well you know okay I mean and business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's like uh well so Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip well so I mean like balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and uh like um okay prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and like you know uh um to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your um you know uh well entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in um you know so okay the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this so uh like okay Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat uh okay you know um will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at so you know uh okay your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring I mean um uh um speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 okay uh okay okay year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend you know like uh okay Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting okay I mean like I mean over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as um like like I mean idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself well you know I mean so with Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong I mean you know I mean I mean. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began I mean I mean um like to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of well so so uh March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, which means so like uh okay it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we saw um I mean um you know the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP was up uh like well okay by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists were um okay okay uh expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at a okay so so I mean gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it looks um I mean so okay like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the um well like well fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the well uh well so stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I um you know well uh stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind like so you know like of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really so um so well great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and I mean so like well do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw well okay like like your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat um okay you know like. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've um like you know okay created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely okay like so you know unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going like well so well to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate like you know I mean so for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry I mean um uh uh. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your you know okay I mean well health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello you know okay uh I mean and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is okay so like well called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it uh so um um I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I uh um so I mean feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone um like um so sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely um so um I mean. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really um well okay I mean talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday like uh like well your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this okay so so okay is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and like you know you know um butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come like you know like you know to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying I mean so well like to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is I mean well so um it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more okay okay you know like of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want to so you know uh like feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, what is um you know you know you know it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your life and uh I mean you know so it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when those things start to uh I mean so so shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a uh so you know I mean wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about like so like uh everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of show well so uh like coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many like uh so well of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads I mean um so okay for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy okay uh well like what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal okay well well I mean development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at uh um so um least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that okay you know okay well are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've well you know uh well read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a uh okay uh uh pretty good list and I did a version of this a long like um um so time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put um I mean you know uh these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or uh well so so so. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to like well I mean you know do but I will get to this but if you hear me say something and well so like um you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the so you know okay well fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn like I mean um uh it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just uh uh well well really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to okay well uh okay be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once I mean well I mean okay in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean well okay you know okay Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he like well well like runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark so so so like Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone I mean like like um and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur I mean so well well astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the I mean I mean so well fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and uh well uh you know feature films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If like um so uh you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories so well so well podcast every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and so so uh well possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 you know like so okay 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now you know like you know like ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on uh like like I mean AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're like you know okay you know here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we so I mean so uh will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's so well okay well first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz like like uh so is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this like uh you know well is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me so so so I mean. I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce um okay I mean so myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan so you know um uh and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine well so okay well be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about well uh like like money and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday um so um I mean. Did I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D okay so you know well the middle amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in okay so like um All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened I mean I mean um um to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk like so I mean so now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys uh okay um like are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're uh like I mean uh here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know so I mean like okay how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself on okay um okay so the team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I um like you know I mean may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a Draconian uh you know well I mean a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome to I mean okay you know so aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien and Ethan Hello like well I mean like. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show this time. We're so I mean um like going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard okay you know well so about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for okay uh uh I mean this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start well um okay like to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me okay um like um have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the I mean well um well background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest like like um okay week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when I mean uh well um we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that so okay well okay documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers um I mean so so the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians you know uh you know okay about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the um um I mean like curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class you know well so you know consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series uh like okay like presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very you know like well uh first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November so uh like well 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear a very condensed I mean like okay um version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as questions submitted um okay I mean like from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on well okay well um our crew and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi I mean so you know well tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about um like uh you know anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free well you know I mean you know. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like you know you know um phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple like like well so podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with well okay okay like no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download well you know well um the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started okay well you know I mean. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This is like so I mean uh the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of you know well you know um just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a little bit so so you know so of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your you know um so like favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if okay like okay so you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them well uh um so offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and um um um um also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already I mean uh so so be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast so okay so I mean in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the um uh okay uh conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you so um well um guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few okay um like okay sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic okay okay um uh this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across okay like um you know the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was okay like I mean um a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be uh uh well I mean halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready like like I mean so to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll I mean well you know you know be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits of okay well uh you know a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There like well uh um are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose okay uh okay well gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and well okay okay so I'm Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to like I mean you know you know be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going well like you know like to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti you know uh well you know and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs uh you know I mean um. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you to so um I mean well wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might dream of you know um well like you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The uh uh uh so dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I like okay so I mean hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and uh you know uh uh we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's you know like you know you know no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing that I mean you know you know so I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of uh so you know so podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males I mean so you know like. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us you know I mean well um field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a you know like okay I mean shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what okay so I mean like I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter uh you know um well and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics okay so like well that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce okay like you know okay each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last you know okay so I mean so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week um I mean okay like we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came uh um okay okay from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you you know okay you know I mean do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I I mean um uh I mean would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the okay you know well I mean same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode so I mean like so of poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we you know well I mean uh use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to you know I mean uh well use and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and um like so okay edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in like okay you know um my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go like you know um I mean into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so um so like I mean flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool well okay okay um is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you I mean I mean okay uh name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I mean well you know uh I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet like I mean um um stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you know like so well you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods you know so uh okay that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards um so I mean you know and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food well I mean uh um at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's uh like okay well episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different um okay you know uh hustles and how most of you need to break out of the mold. So okay okay like um make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know uh like um I mean what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at okay um okay uh some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome okay so well you know. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg um okay I mean okay trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on uh like well well the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation well okay so so of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you okay I mean I mean well to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast um uh you know so form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee like so so you know podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on so okay like like weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you I mean I mean like well like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee okay uh um uh with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast today's you know um so like episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks uh like um like about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and um you know uh I mean sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what um like well you know you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on um um like um is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong you know uh uh okay about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian believe okay uh so well that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people well you know I mean so are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray like um okay okay areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome so okay I mean I mean open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant uh so um okay to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have you know so like um a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray you know you know uh I mean XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our community well like okay like donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I you know so like I mean got a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper I mean you know I mean like. It's all right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we I mean uh I mean you know were just really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy you know okay well you know. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants um so you know so kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool so I mean uh you know Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy you know so I mean well is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, well um well um such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not okay I mean like okay reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion you know so um okay is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have but without a okay you know you know um doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a you know well like okay walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked. Well so uh so well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all um you know so so hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard you know um um like about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one okay like um so. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay so you know well um you have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too okay well I mean I mean. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well uh so um Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some okay you know uh you know studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry um well I mean so you where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each you know well okay I mean one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 you know like like okay years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for like um uh well the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or well okay uh so whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today so um okay like I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering you know like like like opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird like um you know like weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a so okay okay I mean World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just uh like uh uh I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make so okay well so my predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting like um you know well down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were you know um I mean like journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss well you know okay um in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres okay uh so you know Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking like I mean you know okay sports events from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special you know like I mean you know listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 okay you know okay well minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in so okay so uh on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast thing well well um you know now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts. There are okay uh so like various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive a special um I mean so okay newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part of a I mean like well um Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take a look okay um I mean so at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being well I mean you know okay lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to you know you know you know so do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much um you know like you know like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see uh like well well but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what so well so I mean we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Noricom well I mean so like. Or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can you know uh um well find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a I mean well so you know while since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going well well um like to have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're so okay like you know defining flipping for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving so okay so I mean related item that's significantly marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation you know um well okay and now onto the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave like like I mean so fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday morning okay I mean um uh. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest I mean uh okay um some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to I mean like um so talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I so uh like you know know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you so so okay well cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I I mean you know uh you know mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / like so um well um fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of a like you know okay so player but we did learn some things some players had much better showing than others so um I mean you know. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest you know okay uh well scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman so um okay I mean was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional um well I mean I mean staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was uh um so you know getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years I mean okay okay uh on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been um like um uh poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought um so okay I mean he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play so okay okay um nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had uh uh I mean uh I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of well uh like so the head and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about so um so like me and be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some okay so you know I mean awesome insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her well um um um heart tuned in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it so uh uh like was recorded. Quite some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would uh um well like like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I like I mean you know like don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening um I mean I mean so right now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you know like you know you know you'll find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where um well uh um we chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious okay well uh I mean and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on you know uh um okay the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we well like so well aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition okay well I mean well and everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the like like so you know world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious like like um uh subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring the most fascinating uh okay like I mean True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short clips uh well um I mean from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like um like okay like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you uh well um I mean can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts like well okay well a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description I mean okay I mean um today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the so like so uh boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we like I mean you know okay we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like I mean uh so so you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but like I mean okay so what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's like um like okay actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location like um like you know just a block away for over four years going it to the University of like uh you know uh st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more you know well like okay voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast okay you know so uh to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes I mean okay so I mean. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one um I mean uh you know is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform well uh like you know. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me I mean like you know you know explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your uh um I mean so podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So well uh um okay it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually uh I mean um I mean make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make like um um you know a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor like well you know so app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm you know you know well so Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this um well uh uh week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past like like uh well week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo well okay I mean um. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're I mean I mean I mean like going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting okay like well like them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit okay um you know well beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this so well you know like week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past week as far so so I mean like as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring um so uh like a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let like I mean uh you know me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our I mean okay so uh main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry so um uh like the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to okay well uh um 100. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping okay um I mean um for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not you know um like uh suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's um I mean you know so a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode I mean like I mean uh 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a well you know I mean you know month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible okay uh so I mean. We usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our well uh like uh episodes. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be um uh well so editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? uh you know okay okay 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring okay like uh um water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing um well I mean so what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the so um like uh mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with I mean uh okay uh the authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an uh um so so amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How um um you know so do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum uh okay uh like void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women you know well like so who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about the amazing I mean okay uh I mean app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the app. I use you know okay I mean uh to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend of mine you know you know well I mean who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my gosh, I want I mean um okay you know to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? I have no equipment I mean okay um you know. I have no money and I want to ensure that all our voices out here in well well uh I mean the Midwest get heard and how do we do that on a platform without so um like well spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you don't know what to do you know so you know uh. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record so uh okay so and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your well so uh like podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and uh okay like okay you can make money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever I mean you know well I mean with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right okay uh you know okay now to just do it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place you know like you know um download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England. Join I mean okay okay well us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab I mean okay okay you know your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to I mean I mean you know well Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and like um uh like only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you uh like um like. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to like like I mean uh podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe like well um like I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my I mean you know I mean uh dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you you know well uh well know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more so like you know I mean of me in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need you know um um like to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, okay like like so this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some okay um like like point and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think I mean you know you know you know is so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one uh uh uh so of my clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine well so uh uh during our time together. And so today we are going to be having a well okay I mean like conversation about her journey that led up to her and I working together where okay well um well she's at. Now what she likes about our time together things that you can't like well so okay stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy so you know I mean uh cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch so well well well of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you well well um uh know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm gonna um okay okay like see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with uh okay uh so a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that uh you know well I mean a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm Johan you know I mean well um and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess we're going uh okay um uh to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news and I so I mean you know like think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald Trump and I mean so so okay Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to I mean so so uh India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before we These I I mean um okay okay know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time and we've tried I mean like so um to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want to hear like okay well um about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So I think I so I mean like well think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin well okay um like Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he tried his hardest well okay I mean I mean to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I mean who's having a well okay um okay leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you you know I mean uh so so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You inspires like um I mean okay you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out today's okay you know you know I mean message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are like um um well as a church and I just want to I just want to take well you know I mean um this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in okay uh okay like deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe um so like I mean we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit okay okay so um to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes so like okay well discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise you know so you know um Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night you know I mean okay so in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson I mean you know I mean like a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street you know okay um you know weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha you know okay okay you know from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She well okay I mean well found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm okay well well so talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national uh uh I mean like euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the principal euphonium so like you know so player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 you know I mean okay so choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the okay uh I mean I mean top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the like I mean okay I mean HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's you know well so well placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo okay you know okay uh competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which has uh well so I mean 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with well okay I mean uh only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your you know so like so morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for I mean okay like okay debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia um so so I mean schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am you know okay like um joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines uh okay you know um is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take I mean you know you know uh sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm okay um I mean so not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like I mean you know I mean okay to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor okay well like okay Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy okay well um so guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I like um well well had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do um okay you know you know is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click well you know okay uh post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in well like okay uh all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I well uh uh well do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys you know you know so well. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message like you know like I mean if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the so I mean uh you know world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now like I mean like I mean my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the like um okay you know one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin I mean okay um uh is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk you know like so um about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by um you know um so selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk uh um um like to you a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've okay um you know um asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed I mean so um you know my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts I mean so uh you know life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I mean I mean so well I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my well okay so um Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters okay well like uh kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell uh you know so like you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there you know like like okay. He said I want to tell you about something that I found out they if so well I mean so you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says like I mean like so it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was you know so uh so like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Murphy um so well I mean hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've okay um okay so got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting you know okay you know okay scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and I mean um okay you know see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying um um like well The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do well um like okay this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and uh so uh like something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that uh so um I mean Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot you know so well you know but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any um okay so okay kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs well you know like okay 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to I mean so well well visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author um okay you know okay of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks okay uh well well of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She you know I mean like I mean really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and uh I mean um uh helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about uh I mean uh uh an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit um well okay okay card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help uh you know um like her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is um like well I mean full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money like you know like so is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we uh like I mean you know heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional I mean I mean um um career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The Road you know okay you know okay Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We okay um you know um all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host so okay um like Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor okay like you know well and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to um well well well do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to be okay um so um sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk through their uh you know okay so struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on uh um okay like sucked a lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and okay uh you know okay you kill cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not well okay uh so be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews I mean um I mean so or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess I mean I mean okay okay that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a so okay you know you know personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie uh I mean like like sensitivity case at page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in like I mean okay okay the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the like you know you know I mean producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or so um you know I mean Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me I mean you know well um explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your you know um you know I mean podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you like well okay um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can so well like well make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you well like you know um need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo so like you know you know the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm well I mean so so so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom I mean so okay I mean expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about okay I mean like um how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in okay uh well so your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray well uh well so that the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will so so um well be priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John you know okay like you know 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved um so like okay You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in my uh so um like love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love I mean like I mean like I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that you know okay so you know your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other so you know I mean so as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down one's well I mean uh you know life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to uh well you know uh thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy you know okay you know you know this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast okay like um you know. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay so you know I mean right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you uh like well I mean can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also like so uh uh make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful well so well well podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's I mean okay I mean like up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one I mean like like um that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one I mean okay so like that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time you know well uh um in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I am uh like you know I mean use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing like uh like well good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly um well well um known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go you know okay okay I mean ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired so well so okay on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not uh um um like any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog you know uh so uh or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This well um um well is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do uh I mean well well leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's okay like I mean like get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius uh um um so of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks so so like I mean the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot I mean uh uh um be understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you can um well uh uh love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously I mean uh well um said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and so well like okay transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay well you know I mean uh emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading okay like so um shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully like I mean well you know but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its um okay so uh inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to uh well uh well have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious so okay um um username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying uh I mean so well and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The you know uh you know you know Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments I mean so I mean okay. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain um you know so uh. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there uh um I mean okay will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College so so um like Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness well so okay like in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you like well okay um doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor you know so like like is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for so well I mean okay today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? um like uh well It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had like you know so uh a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in I mean uh so like college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came so I mean okay so about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern well you know um I mean but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the like well so like easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for like well well okay me to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that like you know so you know allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You you know so like I mean may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made well um well like it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone so like uh so. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You so um I mean like can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel okay so um um reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis I mean uh um like of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 verse uh um okay uh 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was I mean like like um said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this so I mean uh I mean to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way so so you know well. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to you know um you know you know rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f so you know like so m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you you know okay uh so need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major you know uh you know like channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money you know like well um with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or like um well well go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with I mean like like well poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two well um you know so birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt like uh you know okay gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song like I mean um like by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when like uh well I mean polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers well like okay uh on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we so um you know um try and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first like so okay okay of our two episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after um I mean okay well dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her well um like uh mind and then encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible like so uh I mean for his death or did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear um uh um uh more about So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you um I mean um okay get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion so well like um is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may so you know so like find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one uh like so uh word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a so like I mean well podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available okay okay well I mean to you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or well well um I mean computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast okay okay uh you know too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only well well so so is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for like well you know uh you to make money talking about the things that you love with you know okay okay so no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to like uh like uh be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready well so I mean um for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show uh um uh uh. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's okay uh you know okay just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening in the well okay so you know morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that okay um I mean I mean. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our I mean you know I mean okay little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first uh um I mean you know time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you hit play so um well uh Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and uh you know I mean um give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever I mean okay uh okay you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for uh um like uh you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a like so so so 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty um you know um like thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before so um you know um we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute uh I mean uh I mean to talk to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman like you know so okay from Episode 34 of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing I mean you know uh uh interactive web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs like so so like to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can uh um you know well also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast uh you know like I mean host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but you know so I mean like if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest so okay you know well most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the so I mean okay okay podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow well like um uh you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes you know well I mean okay your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms okay well like you know and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a uh uh um well podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app or um like uh um go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the True uh so I mean okay Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor you know like you know you know Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know okay um okay I mean about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring like um like well and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to okay um um um work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August you know um well okay questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that like um uh uh stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under okay well I mean I mean our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to well you know so uh start with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list okay I mean um you know yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a um well I mean you know list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday I mean like uh like and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your I mean so well uh list, but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast so I mean well well. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through um you know you know so stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time messy. Thanks okay okay I mean so for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good friend okay I mean like um will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah good to I mean okay I mean I mean have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just uh um okay uh going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what uh so well um that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me um like okay okay a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for uh well like um the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also like uh well I mean sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be um like like you know myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of well well you know well marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, I mean well um well so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the um so well you know key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella well I mean well I mean empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by so you know um I mean don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes I mean I mean like like fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this like um I mean um is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to the like I mean so so Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined by I mean um uh like anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said today um you know um uh the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of the like so uh I mean week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, um okay you know you know I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're like okay well okay your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you so you know you know um guys about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case okay um so so suggestion by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much I mean okay uh so for listening and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you know okay uh well you support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive so you know well so In On November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in okay uh well well Florence Montana to get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 am um well so well. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how um I mean um okay the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to I mean uh so so connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would eventually be like um uh okay tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police uh so like I mean to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who um okay well I mean got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your well um you know um bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on um okay well well May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas uh okay okay okay Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let like I mean okay I mean me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast so um you know uh. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools well I mean so you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and okay well uh well anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts like okay I mean so and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money well um like okay from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a uh so I mean well podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice okay well so um out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F you know okay uh um m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen okay well like so to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one I mean okay like so place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue so I mean I mean you know of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of like I mean so uh my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a um okay I mean you know good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, so okay okay you know except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some okay you know well okay like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, you know um um okay we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this uh okay you know you know. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about okay um um like anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a um you know so well podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and okay so I mean so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast um like you know well for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more well I mean so uh you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's uh um well I mean everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or like well uh uh go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to so so so so love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen okay okay you know like to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to well um well well you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a like um uh so podcast hosting and distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is well okay like I mean. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will help so uh like um you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also has a lot so so uh uh of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone or a I mean okay um like computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in one place um um I mean uh. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to Anchor or FM I mean okay uh like to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's you know um so well going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall. See um well okay okay if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and today is um so you know uh going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with us um like so I mean but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I sold like you know um you know myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I came you know so so so up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got I mean well I mean uh. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally okay uh you know okay think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped um well uh okay cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him well uh so uh Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide to like okay I mean like get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and uh uh well so racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and um I mean okay uh accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those um I mean well uh long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition like okay I mean um and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and you know like okay uh pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger well uh so okay and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook well I mean well uh Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of uh I mean so okay West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you well you know so like may ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven so so um you know years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace I mean I mean like well Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you okay well like okay I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the you know uh like um reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to I mean I mean um okay disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or like um so you know maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking um I mean um you know six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of um like uh you know stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business owners looking so you know so so for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for a better I mean uh uh okay way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? you know uh you know well I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because well I mean okay you know I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so uh uh uh uh much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, um so so like but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way um like like I mean into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate at like okay I mean you know the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it. I uh okay like you know know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello. Hi. Hello I mean you know so like. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for haven't eaten the so um you know uh sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the title uh um okay so of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is interpreter translating um well like so right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are I mean um so like and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge you know so okay okay today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a so I mean I mean uh kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old I mean well like you know. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to so like uh like accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet um like like so player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of like okay so I mean Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a okay okay uh like supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and uh uh well I mean welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of I mean I mean well you know the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the uh so so well lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody uh I mean I mean I mean. This is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I I mean okay so you know could not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to like okay like so all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium you know well like like account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow like uh okay uh your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes okay um like so to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends like I mean I mean I mean on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download so okay okay okay the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the um so so like your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss um like okay um an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 um okay uh you know the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta um I mean so well of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric you know you know so uh traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations okay you know you know um are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in uh well uh I mean children less than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia well you know well well or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following so um I mean uh reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries so I mean okay uh or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in um like so uh pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, like um I mean so the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a like you know you know uh low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at lap uh I mean well well record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that so I mean like okay all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny uh well like uh was the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows you know okay like well on the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello everybody okay like I mean so and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you who okay uh well so don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some major major well um um well news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know how much so okay I mean uh time you've had to think about this but this is a new story that um well I mean like really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's time you have so um um um any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the I mean um well like new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually you know like uh you know did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was so you know um I mean and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most I mean well I mean um Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to like so okay so buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you I mean like uh uh you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey guys, um like okay you know this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear Johnny so you know so uh got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class okay okay well you know. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come in talk uh you know well you know about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core values talks you know um I mean I mean about how important those are and how vital it is to know what your core values are uh um so you know so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give like well you know uh you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent Hi, how are uh uh uh um you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of Natural History like uh like like. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline uh so well um why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty I mean I mean um you know badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't um well so you know know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has uh um uh well been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know I mean well um you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from you know so um I mean a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the so like so I mean SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here um uh okay uh with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the okay you know you know okay CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's I mean well so I mean great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of like I mean I mean so time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please okay so like so reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six you know I mean okay you know seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great okay uh so well car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or so so like uh family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it like okay okay I mean. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so uh uh well like happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy you know um so you know for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter okay uh well okay sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last uh well so um started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of the uh okay uh I mean garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this uh so um okay you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's been I mean well uh like like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a uh I mean so so month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one thing so like um okay. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I so I mean like uh could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard uh I mean so uh and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not like uh um so today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 um uh okay like our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We um um like you know thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload well well okay um we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of you know I mean uh like its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic that's you know okay like I mean on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add I mean like so like Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based so like I mean you know practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to you know like uh so teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development like I mean I mean like trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip well well I mean like Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section I mean okay uh okay or the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film okay uh you know uh and books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature okay um you know so me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict you know so you know you know back podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because like so uh you know I have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes uh you know I mean uh you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then you know I mean okay I mean we've got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us so so okay uh as we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness you know like you know um theological and comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't uh okay well okay know. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, well um like you know I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't so okay you know uh have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna like uh so you know podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds like like um um better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, okay like I mean well this is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea you know you know okay um one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're I mean um well okay going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well um um uh okay try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the so like okay uh gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid well well like uh model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a okay well um you know financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the I mean okay so you know third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and so like um uh we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's I mean like okay I mean like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours well I mean okay you know for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five you know so so so and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared okay so like like to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's well uh well I mean a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity uh um I mean okay for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these like uh uh well fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla well uh okay so nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what I think so uh you know like is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling I mean you know um uh you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use okay okay I mean okay for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or you know okay okay I mean any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't well so you know okay just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure and like like so you know to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one place and it well well like like is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast I think this is episode 4 so so I mean so. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid so uh like okay. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter so so I mean I mean. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that just happened and you know um um you know how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies okay I mean um well when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one um I mean well uh. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion you know uh well like. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New like so uh so Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a I mean um okay well very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and okay um okay I mean all the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't I mean um um uh thank you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could um you know uh well do a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of okay uh well uh the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips so I mean okay you know all the time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, okay like um so by the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that uh well like like you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? you know well like well If so, look no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to I mean you know uh okay make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to like so so uh host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast uh I mean well like right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you okay uh you know so don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple I mean you know um I mean and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm I mean like um um your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast well like I mean you know in one place. You have something to say you want to get it out well uh so I mean. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app so um um okay on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to well like like like upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor uh so uh uh it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent okay um well I mean free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh you know I mean okay from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the you know well well okay rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast okay I mean well you know Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money okay like um so from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast I mean well like um and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f you know I mean um like m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that I mean I mean um like allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My well so uh well name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most so you know um um of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and like so uh you know sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more okay I mean well well importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your uh um like uh boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee but um okay okay I mean like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica like so you know like covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z so uh well you know AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen um you know so I mean to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening so I mean uh I mean to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us on you know like so you know good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka like like so I mean bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to well um like I mean for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down um I mean like I mean the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us well like like okay from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of so you know I mean so youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of like you know so so age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from I mean well you know you know history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or like so I mean I mean wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most like um I mean okay well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some um uh like like 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood like okay uh you know of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to okay uh um like even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much um like okay well about did you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is you know okay like okay coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going like I mean so okay to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it I mean um like um kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast I mean okay uh so. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this I mean so uh well episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving. All uh okay so um right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have like you know well well a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol okay you know like like 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? I mean uh well I mean Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what you know I mean so okay would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we are talking I mean you know you know um about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the Talk uh well well um of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some detail from um okay like well a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want to talk less uh well like uh about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe well um I mean okay economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we get um okay so okay into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P you know well I mean well frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no um like you know so photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap so well uh like brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you you know uh uh well man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to well I mean so okay the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also well okay so like gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't okay okay uh well make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough social door - yeah, you gotta you know I mean well um be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not I mean like okay I mean awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind okay well so um goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew I mean so like like of it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American like uh you know okay factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of you know okay I mean you know literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets well um you know um it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with so so you know well me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really uh um I mean I mean good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host so I mean I mean like. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology uh well okay well. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that so well like you know care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join I mean okay okay okay us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques uh okay okay um for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy uh so so I mean looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their um um well okay biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich so well I mean uh full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to well I mean well you know find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards you know well so okay areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed you know okay well okay up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help I mean um like well conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of so so uh like holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind I mean so well okay and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness consultant and self-care um um okay like Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through like uh uh like storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic you know like like so behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time like like okay so favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the you know okay so um only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags uh uh I mean I mean. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of you know um like like DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got like you know I mean like family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome you know uh you know like. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a like so um like conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like um you know uh you know talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk so okay you know so real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to uh well uh so do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the well I mean I mean you know whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay um so I mean so. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just so you know okay um just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like I mean okay well well you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going so so um you know to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's see well um um well here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that uh uh um um now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that kind of okay you know well I mean thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's since moved okay okay I mean you know away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, but it well um you know well was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several years studying so you know um like herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her and she has like well I mean so spent all these years doing that. So she's going to share some of her knowledge I mean you know so okay of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have to apologize that I mean well I mean like I have not figured out yet, which I need to do before I do this uh you know you know so again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you okay okay um okay are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we are um uh okay like your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo uh okay okay I mean. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow you know okay I mean I mean and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the you know like I mean like freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want I mean you know I mean so to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City uh I mean well I mean at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit you know you know I mean okay Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a store. I've okay like um I mean always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue but today uh like I mean you know on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay okay like you know you know to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the well okay you know like intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I well you know uh well think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards uh okay um uh Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I so okay like so am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about uh um so okay the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, um I mean like um I thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing you know uh um you know. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the um uh like uh woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours so you know like uh just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they so well um well take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for you know I mean I mean like two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that you know well well um Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time okay like um um. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will be so well like you know good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work I mean like okay like backwards and like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about uh I mean I mean well the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most well okay okay well notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring the you know okay I mean I mean most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short like um you know well clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, you know so so okay like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really you know you know uh okay is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you like uh I mean well listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description um I mean well okay today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with well like so well an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few um well uh I mean weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of I mean well like I mean right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the um like like I mean virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected uh so like well and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week the um so well you know World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines okay so um well saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide well okay like um. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based well um uh um on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going I mean like I mean so wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them you know you know like like to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career you know you know well you know showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, like like um uh my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for so um um like this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel um I mean um so. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm okay like well uh Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 93.1 and I mean so uh I mean good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen Hazel so so so well. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi you know I mean okay like. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure uh so okay okay as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for uh so like you know you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the like well well you know ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on like uh um so the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday like um okay I mean Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with well I mean well like us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with um um well um the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of well so uh um the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you know so well you know you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of uh I mean well I mean the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned like well like uh there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others okay like like so for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of you know uh okay I mean a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would uh uh you know um grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on I mean so okay uh death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who like okay you know so is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted um um okay I mean a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the reason so I mean I mean well you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their okay I mean um um Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even uh you know you know so more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the so um well uh cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all you know you know um you know you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current okay so okay well partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or well uh like I mean out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us you know okay well I mean go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below well um you know um. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / okay okay uh okay Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who you know you know okay okay dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your okay so so I mean forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details you know you know you know you know may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle I mean like like well School. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go well uh um so into the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the like you know okay like new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again like um well well is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love you, I mean okay like okay Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and I'm here with like well so so my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the first episode okay so I mean well of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, the basic structure uh I mean like okay. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to see so so like uh and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the creative you know like like um like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk about like well so you know what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields. Also uh like well well the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on this podcast okay like so I mean as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure to check us out uh like uh like every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about well like okay like gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety well okay um okay dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen you know well so uh since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go like uh so um beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record well um so so high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until um okay well well now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those okay okay well I mean sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges I mean um okay I mean a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough I mean so uh like experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go so uh okay like along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? um uh uh um Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, okay okay you know like I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do um I mean so so it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much you know well so okay so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My so um so well name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say you know so well like the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on like well um like you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah you know you know okay I mean. Well, why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We uh uh well you know don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering I mean you know uh okay when the guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought I mean well um uh it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show uh you know okay I mean for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new so um so you know market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on uh well like I mean this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so like well well uh money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd I mean uh um so say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at um so like so five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can uh uh well okay probably Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome okay so so so. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not um okay well uh like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see okay so okay like ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this I mean you know um you know is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes I mean like well like five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines so like okay well week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on so like uh I mean the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to the molars uh you know I mean like in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover um okay so I mean DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was so you know so okay Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew up in you know you know you know well London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that taught women well okay so okay about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this well uh I mean I mean is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope like so um you know this inspires you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God okay you know I mean I mean is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I I mean okay you know um am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is okay so uh well 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God well you know so I mean bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon like I mean uh you know will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord showed okay like um okay up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast. I well well uh so am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community of well well so you know artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for us like I mean okay okay to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and the subtitle so uh you know like for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads are originally um so uh okay stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those you know um like um as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at uh okay I mean you know youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we do okay like well well and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I like well you know you know wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way you know um well so possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are like uh so you know actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record so so I mean uh each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet I mean okay like you know a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as you know uh okay I mean I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record so you know well I mean host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell so so I mean you know phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no you know okay so okay minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be you know I mean like uh serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all so so so well know that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest like well so um way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in so um um well one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you so you know um uh can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation like okay like okay tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also so well well uh will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family you know you know you know well like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many um I mean well uh more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with no I mean like so uh minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond well you know um I mean farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy like okay uh I mean Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me so well okay like. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she um um you know so wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks podcast um well well okay. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I am here well well you know uh. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go back to the you know you know okay well beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this was a good like um you know okay stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there was some uh okay um like closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development I mean so I mean okay goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to um you know okay like take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast like I mean I mean I mean. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build I mean um you know like it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 years later like um well like and you know similar to what many things happen in the world. We usually plan um like well so something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for so um like you know object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia you know well you know okay in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the okay okay uh you know water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our so you know I mean okay show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was so I mean I mean okay in a transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and like okay um um I had been had that dream for about 15 years and I think it uh well I mean like was in my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening well you know uh you know to you, I left a really high profile job, and I did and I started so you know I mean you know a business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the like uh so you know ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my I mean um I mean you know life. And I got so aligned and the business started and I got everything well so okay so I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more well you know like okay than I could have ever asked for no not more than you could have ever so uh so okay asked for us in a way that I did ask for saying that you know well you know I mean it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that like um okay okay you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t well you know well okay have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because okay uh um I mean we're just here to serve each other to get this money and then we you know like you know like walking apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask um um so so that question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it uh okay uh so. I don't think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we well uh um okay weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of I mean uh well so us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a bunch of okay I mean um well idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your like uh you know like host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina is available like um well um those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can work okay uh like uh towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We you know I mean well like have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler like uh okay okay had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you I mean so um so seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I like um so uh think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and uh so you know okay a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is well well well uh dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob I mean uh well I mean. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you so so uh I mean are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right I mean um you know um before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, we um so so I mean got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new uh well um I mean episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys well like okay you know today. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to you know uh so so be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in um like well uh a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk okay well like um a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to um you know okay like be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples like I mean okay like Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the you know um okay like Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the so I mean so I mean infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about you know well you know well anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is a you know okay so okay good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you know you know uh like you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can okay um well so record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound um you know um so as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have I mean uh so um recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it uh so so like can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You so like okay well can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor you know okay well you know right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- you know uh like well right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would um like I mean I mean be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime well I mean um I mean. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a okay so like you know husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile well well so okay bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as so okay I mean okay she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she well you know I mean you know squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into view well like um I mean German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was well I mean okay I mean the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and so so like so night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little like I mean you know okay circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today you know um like I mean we're talking about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble like uh um um Nene. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're okay okay you know like called the palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and like um so like tricking Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of like um you know like the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was so so like like the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's the you know you know I mean okay Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are so well like well going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this uh so you know so is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and like I mean well um it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to like like well you know be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? you know uh like um Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really Mega so well well like excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell um okay well like us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City um okay so well way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a so uh okay I mean ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the so um um uh juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to uh okay okay um be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how uh okay okay okay we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f well like uh uh m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms uh well well um. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a well okay you know like computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started um uh uh so. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get so uh well um the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save I mean um I mean so 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film well uh I mean um podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of I mean okay well like the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office uh I mean like um is right now and every time he needs to make a change she so okay um like has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't I mean I mean um uh listen that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary okay uh okay I mean sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how I mean uh so you know y'all record to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system uh uh I mean okay inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start I mean like uh um recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do uh like you know um need to dig around in there and then I do get if I say, you so like okay like know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh so so okay um ball at me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will um you know I mean you know talk about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your um well uh well host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt uh you know so okay and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode uh uh um um of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well okay well um well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good um so I mean uh to just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think like uh well uh the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let so okay you know um me let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically you know like so you know it did start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord um um I mean um server bunch of people were just talking about us having great voice and we should you know I mean you know so do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you I mean um well okay follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if I mean well um okay you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen I mean you know uh okay to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and um you know well uh also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so uh uh um so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h well so well I mean or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it uh I mean I mean so with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular I mean um um so Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had uh well so well some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of uh you know you know you know which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the uh I mean like so past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig well uh you know uh here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank okay uh like so account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few okay um uh uh reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds well so um I mean of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it you know okay you know like hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let uh I mean I mean well out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination okay so well okay. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after um um you know okay a heroic display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory uh you know okay so that takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about a I mean like I mean okay few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and earlier I mean well like uh this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not posting I mean so so uh the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's I mean um you know uh simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I okay okay like okay know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And okay um um you know so there are days that you can make it and days. You just can't make it you know I mean you know so. And that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want um so uh okay you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that okay okay uh um you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the well like I mean I mean first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a you know like I mean well podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you um uh okay like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would I mean like well okay distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and uh like so well many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well um so well you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to you know okay I mean well Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of uh uh like uh 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th so like um I mean podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century well I mean so so BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits I mean I mean uh um of all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and I mean I mean uh so want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par so I mean uh I mean cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like well so well so medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and like I mean so like anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, well so well like Martin Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a okay you know uh I mean thing we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think like uh well you know hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here uh uh you know uh with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking about um uh um um Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has been showing well well so okay up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app and it's um I mean well you know gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given a lot so okay well I mean of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those teams like I mean so okay you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so a well you know like you know song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? like well so uh So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast um um okay uh dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the so um uh like second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and still uh um well well trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with like you know I mean well the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections so you know like um that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show okay okay so like. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I like I mean so okay then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic like you know um so building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing you know um okay uh how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have okay like uh you know a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses so like okay uh primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll well I mean you know well probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the so okay you know like shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today okay you know I mean you know and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development well you know you know I mean productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting you know you know so well to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of okay I mean like like hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of okay uh well well the one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read uh uh I mean um narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to you know um I mean uh give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour well you know so uh. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your uh like okay so plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you like okay you know um feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a you know you know so okay Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about um okay okay uh six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting I mean uh okay so on the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice so uh um you know a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet well you know um so that person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat you know um like uh had floated out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching um you know like you know the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against I mean uh um so the current. This was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on so I mean I mean uh it. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down I mean you know uh like again after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner well well like okay of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy I mean I mean like okay. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are okay you know uh uh obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this um uh you know so moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like hand uh well so okay in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, it's like um like so like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two of us so uh well I mean. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us um okay um well like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives. I love you know okay like you know that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably how uh okay like okay they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes um um um so that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth you know so okay okay girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of my well well you know I mean favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a so well um like feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are okay well well like recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift like so uh uh through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high like I mean um uh intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast like okay like well. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember um you know like well if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send okay so uh uh us your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks so uh uh uh. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water you know well um so went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round okay okay I mean okay again and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you so you know you know um about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's um you know I mean okay creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh okay um uh phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and okay okay well okay anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean um you know uh podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special guest okay I mean well I mean here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name is Katherine um uh I mean like. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with well you know you know okay me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I could but um uh um like I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally um well okay um say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just like okay um uh For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But um like okay I mean yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I like I mean I mean you know think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And so I mean like you know I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo uh well okay so cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers uh okay okay okay and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show for you know like uh well you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week including um well I mean uh a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're like I mean I mean okay going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in the um I mean so I mean meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I well you know okay so also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he hates uh well like so horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version. That's um you know so like the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons you know well I mean okay that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through well so uh um the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make well um well so fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly I mean uh okay you know. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on you know okay you know um Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you know uh okay okay me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that well uh you know uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will well I mean okay you know distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify okay I mean um you know Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no like so like well minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download um so okay I mean the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get like so so uh started today. Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a well um you know I mean lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet well so you know I mean name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on okay you know well okay Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest well um so okay I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and you know uh well like in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting so so you know well race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we uh you know uh uh have week one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after like uh okay okay that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I mean so uh like I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week you know well you know uh. I just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam like well okay so for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home like okay uh like free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we you know uh um you know had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say um um well like it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like you know well you know I mean the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm I mean I mean like like out of the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't okay so I mean um know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys uh so um um quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and so uh you know um podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium so so so you know account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a so okay okay like little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never uh well okay um miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends I mean so well so on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline okay so so um wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The um um you know uh apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done I mean like um uh so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in I mean um like like the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never so like um uh miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode okay so so so. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we well uh um uh take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey so like um uh Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so okay I mean I mean well far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to since last week I mean well I mean well. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax that can't read you know um well so that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I don't think they um I mean uh um want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, we did go to well uh uh I mean Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got to so I mean okay uh see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Music had some good beer you know so you know like. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV so well I mean you know talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show I mean like you know well and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good like like like so season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since well well you know okay season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do you know well so like this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love you know I mean I mean I mean. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover you know uh so you know could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school you know okay well you know. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your I mean so like uh news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel um like I mean so like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around okay like um uh for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a well okay um um podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and you know um okay you know distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will do all you know well well I mean of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of the um uh I mean well big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything that you well like you know um need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you need to do um well like you know. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F well so uh um m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it out and I mean like well so get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental I mean okay okay so Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So uh well so I mean for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original you know I mean okay okay old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one uh um like uh. It was one of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first so you know well okay ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when so like okay well I was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence so so well uh seems wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I talk so so uh uh to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory and like well uh like discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time like um you know you know what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today um uh okay like. I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's you know you know you know so grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen um I mean um like for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in okay I mean well so our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to just um uh well like acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're so you know okay so going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving okay well um well and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the I mean you know like you know Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind I mean okay okay okay of join me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive to Spotify um so you know like. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that explores what um you know okay I mean happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television telecast during you know um I mean uh the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone exclusively on well I mean uh you know Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on well you know I mean I mean the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary you know um so like footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not uh I mean like I mean best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm uh so uh so Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about well so like so how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was I mean you know you know I mean telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it you know uh I mean um feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much time uh um I mean I mean with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other okay like um uh week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you I mean well well okay really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt uh so like well already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's so um okay well spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on my so I mean uh I mean jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same scanning like uh you know so that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I okay um I mean okay just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this well um so I mean episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start like so uh like brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a um okay you know um little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk so uh um like about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who okay like I mean I mean overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor okay okay um well family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because okay so okay you know she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when I mean uh well uh she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her um so so well mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try I mean okay uh I mean to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on I mean well uh like in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast okay um uh I mean is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real um I mean uh um being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the so um well well opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow you know well so uh through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that so so um well in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are like I mean I mean like up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights um you know um so reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand I mean okay uh you know. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a um okay you know uh Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, well you know I mean well we've got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it okay so I mean well just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and I mean um you know uh ye introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at you know I mean okay like home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year uh uh uh like from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's you know um so okay great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, um okay um you know I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast back uh I mean like I mean on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this okay so uh you know really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give uh so so you know away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like so uh so I mean don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple uh like you know okay weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're I mean so so well going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to uh okay uh like the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page um uh uh like and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD okay like like you know products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want like so you know okay to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something you know okay uh I mean specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love I mean so uh uh you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is I mean like okay uh dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support you know I mean like so people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and well so like okay Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits uh well you know you know of a sober life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for I mean so I mean uh anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am like I mean so you know pop you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh well uh like me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and um like you know I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your uh okay okay okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many uh like so uh more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's I mean so I mean um everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I like so um you know remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was well okay uh well fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had I mean you know like well face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series you know um like so and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to talk like you know I mean like a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most importantly like you know I mean um. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about I mean you know uh like it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not okay like like so just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made so so like so me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately um you know I mean well got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment well you know um so to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby um okay okay okay Diaz and you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a okay well um like less common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've um uh uh I mean learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table well well you know well. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give well well uh well a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say I mean um I mean okay hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and um you know uh um I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen okay you know so you know. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, so so you know I mean Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever um okay okay I mean. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere I mean uh okay like get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back you know like well well to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some well okay okay uh pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped I mean well um well. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not I mean you know I mean uh real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other uh I mean you know I mean things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll I mean I mean uh I mean talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between a um you know like uh goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? so like uh uh We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you um I mean okay you know talking about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came um I mean um uh up with one more thing about what we came up with what we what we well so well so have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the okay uh okay I mean anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to like uh uh like make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use well so like uh anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct um well um so. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's so like like uh creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone uh uh um okay your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you know like um so don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and you know you know like well many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making well you know uh so more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and well you know like uh I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your like uh um you know spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student uh you know um uh of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive you know so like well person. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow like uh like okay on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be so uh well so doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a heart well I mean well I mean to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the first well um okay like shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, like like uh um except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live like uh you know so to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode you know okay uh well. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just um okay uh so gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us so like well um - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of so like I mean uh the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, okay okay you know okay welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the you know um okay well entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring I mean uh uh you know spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted okay okay so um by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back I mean um I mean um to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot um um okay well of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament well I mean you know like work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun like I mean okay okay start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the uh like okay well same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of uh like well you know the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want uh so okay well to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against like okay so okay last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more well well I mean like on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here so like so so with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good okay like well I mean. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked um um like like. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So well uh well well this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, okay okay uh so yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right okay well you know you know. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over I mean like you know so the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good you know like um okay moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah like so well so. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of you know like uh like felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who um you know you know um I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here so like uh so. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, you know so um okay what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what okay I mean um you know links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing um well so well I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor well like well like app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In like okay so uh this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I well uh um well am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's um I mean uh I mean story time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be well well well like sharing the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you I mean so so okay feel compelled to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to um uh uh you know stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what well um um okay you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're like like I mean so going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is a like you know like well supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro and phalange 72 you know like uh well Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last 25 to uh I mean you know I mean 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be okay I mean like um riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued in a okay so I mean like stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably um so okay well the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as um well okay I mean two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking uh like um uh very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've I mean you know like I mean gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this I mean I mean um okay season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum like you know I mean okay bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got I mean so um okay a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi okay I mean you know so strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll uh I mean well so has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think okay you know uh okay is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that well well okay like could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're uh uh well so going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season like well well like coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit okay okay okay like. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose uh um so uh had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on uh so uh um Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva so okay like I mean. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing so well so you know show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the um I mean well okay inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this week. We've you know well I mean you know talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai the like um okay so woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a country in I mean okay you know uh Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of strong like you know uh like Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change well you know so okay. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going so uh so okay to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of uh so you know you know the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the so I mean so like conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it so uh you know you know to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now well well I mean okay in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already uh okay you know um like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome well uh like um back to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch I mean well okay well of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we okay so uh like got all sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country um I mean well I mean. If you know what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good okay um like well friends in our multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, um uh uh okay and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam I mean uh okay okay calls obviously is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I well okay uh you know got my first spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with so you know um I mean us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff I mean um so you know to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's well like well I mean not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, uh uh um you know but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is well okay okay um even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where okay so like so the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first well uh okay so we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a uh okay well like half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a little um um like um odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof. We had just um I mean so like about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a fire hazard looking back um like well okay at it but us being students not our number one problem and really it was like you know you know like just bingo. So anybody could win and there were Current objects of pleasure so like uh um. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe for the radio okay I mean okay so. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like like well okay so our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State like uh uh uh. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down the like um um well top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're um okay um you know going back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch okay I mean okay you know and charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more um so okay you know shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special so um you know um. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym on I mean well you know uh September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed you know uh I mean um with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about okay um well well the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also so um uh um quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it so uh I mean so and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first well um I mean you know question I have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out okay you know so you know of quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however uh okay so um physically introduced to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid you know uh you know uh. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing okay okay so um mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing okay well I mean like something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today I mean okay I mean so in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian okay like um well writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy like um uh like Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and so so well okay there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he I mean uh I mean so brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today okay like um um you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where okay I mean like so I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to okay so like well get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything like well so like that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you through today, you know like like you know whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this so 2% back so so okay you know yourself and know that today is your day. This is your everyday positivity. My so so I mean uh name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back with you well you know I mean you know tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. You you know uh like you know got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, like okay like well please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining so you know okay I mean today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you um you know I mean like choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully so okay um uh I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's like you know you know uh episode is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow um like well you know Irishman the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed uh so I mean like on social media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this uh uh you know okay guest back on another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I so so like like was training for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is like I mean like well crazy like what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He you know okay so um is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg okay I mean uh so. And today we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei you know um you know like of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally so so well uh where we mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think I mean I mean uh okay yes, and we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going you know I mean you know well. Oh, I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? I mean like okay so Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying you know um like well to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this well okay uh you know podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for um uh well um one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little okay I mean so like off and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're well uh you know like probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said uh like okay uh it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is okay uh um like a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed uh so well like to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like uh so uh uh something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to the well like um so filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's okay um you know so cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what okay I mean um okay your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just so you know like well because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's um well you know like up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I okay so uh like like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children okay okay okay uh and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create um like so well peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer you know well I mean you know writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am so well so okay terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 um you know so um & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information I mean um I mean so for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a you know like I mean um high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's like like I mean so guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team of talented um so I mean well creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting at Ogilvy and you know okay you know I mean Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York and then joining uh uh well so Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around like so I mean uh good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time throughout version final okay uh well you know here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how they became I mean well I mean well interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into well like uh okay the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was um you know so uh really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not a horse girl okay I mean I mean you know. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger the so okay um you know icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello uh I mean like uh and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this like uh so I mean week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or I mean you know you know I mean are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How you know um you know uh was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very well uh well so different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much well um like um I can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting um well so uh and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of uh um okay well live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you listen to like so okay well them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then move on like okay okay so or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I I mean I mean so you know feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and that's so like um I mean pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try um well well okay to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make you know I mean well you know life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and you know so well um shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain well um uh so streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the well like like um money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining okay I mean uh so us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? uh I mean you know so Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast okay well well um. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about you know okay well I mean Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors well I mean so okay in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the uh like I mean so series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage I mean uh okay um that is kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday okay so um well. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just want well um um okay to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in today is doing uh well uh so and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's you know so I mean um why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting okay okay I mean like off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast okay like like I mean. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So um okay okay uh they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend. We're going to um like well so start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different you know I mean well you know vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me like so so so. If you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an uh like um you know article on his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of like uh uh I mean Bitcoin as a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the I mean like I mean um read and then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin like like okay like is surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is I mean um okay okay a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're I mean um I mean uh here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo you know I mean I mean okay for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew I mean so like so Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC like um you know um Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that uh like so um you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play I mean well like well that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be um so uh well a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly I mean I mean uh you know because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang so well you know uh today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut okay uh like like the fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a um like um I mean material change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman uh well so uh Powell basically indicated that the virus and the measures that are being okay I mean like I mean taken to contain. It will surely way on economic activity both in the okay you know okay uh US and abroad for some time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc um I mean like I mean meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being cornered in to a like well you know like 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains is where will the FED okay I mean well um go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt um um uh okay to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall well well I mean so Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 today like okay I mean okay. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do I uh you know well I mean put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I have okay you know I mean you know no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth. They you know uh so you know are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be multiplied so you know you know um that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will uh um like um not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion uh you know uh you know of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are um like uh well Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The um okay um okay Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner okay well uh um. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm uh uh um uh not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's I mean well well well okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've like I mean well uh got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the um so you know okay way from Sweden. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for okay like like okay having me happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good well uh uh so when you can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you okay I mean I mean okay go you go all the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him I mean you know uh okay a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark well okay like you know there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a person uh so so so suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event or like like okay so series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying well like uh like causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They um uh um like had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, I mean well like I mean but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock to you know you know like you know it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out of the you know so well you know cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give I mean um um um a quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening uh um uh you know to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start like okay like um a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off like like well you know the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions like uh so um. Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my show you know uh well I mean into like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make you know well you know so money from my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple um uh um so anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing uh you know you know um your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's uh I mean uh uh 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the okay I mean uh um app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's well you know um okay creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your I mean okay so well phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and like so I mean okay many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money um you know okay um from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta like so um um grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do all well uh so okay one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store I mean um um uh anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo like uh like you know yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast well so uh I mean Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing I mean well okay like man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how you know um uh like we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot I mean okay uh you know f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms okay like so like. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or uh so so you know a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to so like okay so get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt well you know I mean you know get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig so you know okay I mean order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with you know okay I mean uh your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be well well okay you know talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more so so like so about this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant okay so okay so energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your like okay you know you know life. Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and you know so um I mean how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit uh okay like like of a myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent okay so I mean well of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man well uh okay I mean can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You okay well so um know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this partner you know uh uh so he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is well well well like all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires okay I mean I mean um me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you two I mean you know okay um will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you like okay um I mean. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my beautiful okay well uh okay office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like your Oprah like uh um um or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's well well uh you know fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony so well um okay. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with the um I mean you know um guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber um like uh well joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just so you know well so getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying I mean uh um okay to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right well like you know like direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the um I mean uh so mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night I mean okay um I mean and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it I mean like um uh out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so uh okay like so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure I mean uh you know well you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of so uh you know okay things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very well so well uh so. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going I mean so um like to upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What so okay okay um is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so um okay I mean I mean well, first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? like you know uh like Yeah. So are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways uh you know um you know to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you um like you know like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow I mean well uh um. That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does so well well like it go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor so okay like you know anchor will distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and uh I mean uh okay a bunch more places. You don't have to do anything but post you know well okay uh it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, well so you know okay you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can I mean well you know well make money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So so like so uh what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a podcast in like um so okay one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean you know so okay me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record so uh so so and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your so like okay uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so like uh you know more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you okay okay uh you know need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last okay you know you know like year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first okay well well well experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told so like you know well him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date I mean well okay well approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the I mean uh so you know two parties got married, but within a month my friend found out that she was you know I mean I mean okay still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for so like uh like divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be like uh I mean uh explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more um uh uh like masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is well I mean well so such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their um so you know okay Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of you know you know like I mean what they would like and as a man this is important to your success like so like I mean. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want to so okay um you know become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general well um I mean okay can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the like you know I mean well deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot you know so like like sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very you know well I mean uh well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to explain so okay you know okay like grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza so I mean okay I mean featuring this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in so okay you know um the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit um okay okay okay lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does well I mean okay I mean. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect I mean like okay I mean to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill like I mean you know um krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome okay so so I mean guest but we had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew um so uh like was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that um so okay okay go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want like like uh uh to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down like you know well I mean. So myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got um uh uh you know our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, um like so uh so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you I mean you know I mean okay there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die uh well um I mean of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man um okay uh uh was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this like I mean so like man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison well you know I mean um and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, but uh I mean you know you know your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder okay um uh like. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life in so you know like so Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here uh I mean you know okay at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something so um so you know special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they well so well you know want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull so like you know um a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going uh you know uh uh to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the like I mean uh uh meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest like um I mean okay and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This like I mean I mean like individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So like I mean um so you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of I mean well um um wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor uh so okay you know of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you I mean you know okay well through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film was um I mean so so 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they voluntarily I mean like um so undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it for some I mean so well um lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay so like well me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit well you know um I mean your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for well okay like uh you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can I mean like like so make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to well well uh uh make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the well um I mean I mean FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth um I mean like you know with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, I mean um uh well maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled like I mean so uh with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we like um like um think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms uh so um um visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is you know well like well is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening um so you know um goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional I mean I mean I mean okay comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on Instagram so um well I mean at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's with I mean like I mean um mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V uh I mean I mean well. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the well you know like like jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's okay um you know you know happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we uh well um okay in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for so you know uh okay a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually uh okay I mean uh. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community okay I mean so well. We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We well uh you know um do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can um I mean I mean well only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means uh um um well you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain like okay well so sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous like okay like you know Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends you know well you know well check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes I mean well I mean well of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic I mean um well well nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal uh I mean so okay cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't so I mean you know um believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this is uh um um like understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets. We I mean okay well well reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well I mean okay well um as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it you know okay okay I mean would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income like you know you know uh bills aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half well um uh uh thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking I mean um okay uh to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you uh I mean like so very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by okay uh uh so the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be um um uh so about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments so okay I mean so account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about okay I mean okay okay blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I mean okay um um I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was uh so well you know only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do so you know so um before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that um you know you know like. I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to uh well uh well I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the um I mean well I mean top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 I mean um I mean um when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off so well like um gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from well like so like history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free I mean uh you know so on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer like uh you know like sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the you know like well okay Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr well well I mean you know. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the okay okay uh uh founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome I mean uh well um anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we uh well like uh share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing so okay um okay with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like okay well um uh sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears well um well well and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full so okay so like and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce I mean okay like um what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their like um like like stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this like well um uh Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know okay you know uh you know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte you know uh um I mean did not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even you know I mean um I mean talking to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing okay you know well I mean from a wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out so like you know well cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm okay I mean uh like. So why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you I mean so I mean like are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the you know so like uh app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first well uh well I mean got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's you know uh well like an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool I mean like so you know that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer I mean um uh I mean. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be so so well like heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it to so okay uh well Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can you know um well um make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you know uh so like you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get uh well okay I mean started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app well um like well or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so uh well you know uh excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale I mean so um um. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder okay um well okay song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it uh you know uh you know did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of so I mean so I mean all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first well um uh you know of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've I mean I mean well I mean got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and uh well like like He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the um I mean uh I mean message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the love so I mean okay well back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to get you you know uh I mean well to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in your life uh like you know I mean and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost well well um you know the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making uh so I mean so books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because um well uh uh we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those I mean uh uh I mean life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if they you know so uh okay made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot is talking well so like so to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need you know you know I mean well more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital you know so you know uh and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything um well so um from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast so I mean so so. Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but okay well I mean like not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with like um I mean well. There's no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it you know you know uh well works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no um I mean you know okay money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go like um um um with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh you know uh like from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast I mean uh um you know for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and uh I mean well okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found um well you know uh that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast okay like like you know in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to uh like okay I mean an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were um um like okay young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I uh okay uh you know wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the like you know um uh show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with I mean well uh you know a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real okay uh well uh life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was like you know you know well super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk so well I mean so about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking well I mean uh um to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology I mean uh um um and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you you know I mean so okay have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your like uh I mean you know professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from uh um so you know people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for you know uh um um us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So so I mean so I mean here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for uh uh uh you know 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am well so uh okay but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their well well I mean so families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor you know like like like five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson uh uh so you know by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports okay so I mean so car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all I mean okay you know okay love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have well you know um I mean some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and I mean um like like there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait to okay you know you know you know tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name so okay like I mean is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful you know like so I mean guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all you know I mean uh so things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing well like so I mean today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I well well like uh should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I okay okay well um began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to uh so um uh do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so I mean so um well much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all uh um I mean so about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me I mean well um so. Started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at well like so um doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I well okay you know like can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release for um like well well me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the choreography so so so uh and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to you know you know so uh the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in so like well I mean the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training uh so so well gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as um you know um okay possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the so okay I mean you know work out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics uh like so so or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what um uh okay so that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after you okay you know um well listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go right uh um um uh let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you I mean uh okay okay teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son or uh I mean uh uh little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based I mean I mean like like regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our bodies and I mean um so uh the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's in hell like you know okay you know. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the 1980s um like okay well how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both farmers um so you know uh and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe I mean I mean I mean okay has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier I mean well so like and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of Representatives I mean like um I mean and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you you know you know okay okay a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts okay um so you know. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation um I mean well um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like you know uh like your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify well uh you know um Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your like like okay uh podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that um um so like you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and um uh well well accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to I mean uh I mean so Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the easiest I mean okay like so way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast like um like like. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 well you know um so minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes I mean so uh I mean. Good morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next well so so so few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some uh you know like like inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from so I mean well so the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God I mean so uh okay for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to uh I mean I mean well orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have so okay okay I mean freedom and privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one so I mean well well to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a uh well um so podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record like um okay I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your okay you know you know uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many well well so you know more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is you know uh um um everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good well uh so uh Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth so I mean so I mean talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just you know okay I mean I mean money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth you know you know you know uh is not just about how much money you have in your bank account well okay okay you know. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is Kiran okay I mean you know um Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about something uh well like okay that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very informed on well uh well um this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me something. Have you so okay so so watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it okay you know I mean well was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up so we okay like I mean um should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip like so uh well or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, okay like like like I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just so uh well um don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're uh like you know like all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from so I mean okay like modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st you know okay uh you know. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes so uh um um. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy I mean so um like lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super well well so okay special episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe so like well so a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh I mean I mean you know um for sure for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually you know well so like have a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so you know so well so we unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk you know you know well I mean all things lent. We're going to do some things that are a little different from uh um uh um what we usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a um like so you know little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and we uh uh so so hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles um okay like you know and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is you know like like you know Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to I mean uh like I mean understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical um okay uh okay transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also uh um uh like having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie um you know okay you know householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and um well so so she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode um well uh um. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness so like so I mean. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well is I mean you know you know well a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's you know uh okay well everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop like you know well uh doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, um you know okay you know guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the you know so you know uh what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's like uh okay I mean because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've you know I mean like um Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's I mean well I mean like wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm um okay well I mean Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for so I mean you know so estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective. We're like um so like diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in so like like uh separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment well okay like like room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm uh uh well um Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We well you know I mean well would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering um uh um like the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today uh like you know well we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama okay okay um well Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter like uh I mean I mean Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled uh well so uh. On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on okay I mean you know um America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have for like I mean you know um you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This uh um well uh episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video so uh like well as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this so well well like you know as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry well so I mean so because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a like so so so music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I like you know like well think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all well like so you know the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking uh so you know like about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create like so well well and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in okay okay I mean um a music Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get okay like okay okay to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to well I mean um well for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream uh well like I mean cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading like you know okay you know on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only okay um um well subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this so so um okay since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my okay like so um name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger I mean you know I mean uh Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is like okay you know you know Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random so you know well like holiday in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has so like um um thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what you know you know okay you know I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting um okay so okay your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called I mean I mean okay so anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation um like well like tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or so um well like your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard uh um so well on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast um uh uh um with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one well so so well place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type so okay uh uh in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl like I mean okay um lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagramcom like I mean well uh. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney I mean well you know um plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by uh uh um I mean at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green well so um you know and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was uh I mean um you know circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly you know like well well what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be um you know well like seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of uh I mean okay I mean loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite I mean um I mean well a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like so like like like we're getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might uh um so I mean see in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us you know um well like know what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to like okay so I mean hit that like button and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more okay you know I mean I mean in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the okay so you know well popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing you know uh you know so on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush around each um well you know like to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic women who I mean you know well you know changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois I mean uh you know okay. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom I mean okay I mean okay and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had many riches like uh um like but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on you know um uh uh and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up uh well uh uh. Its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying well like uh so to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night I mean uh like so and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are well so I mean like. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, well okay you know like but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're um um like so our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to okay well you know so all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, well well uh well I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in uh uh well so a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a uh like okay you know cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear well I mean I mean well and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series you know like um so today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in you know like I mean so True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, like so well I mean March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college I mean like well um student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby so you know I mean okay after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been um so uh like going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas like so so you know then we're gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy okay well uh so way and we have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy uh so um you know he is busy and then we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be well well uh so arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in you know um well so the mood but we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing uh I mean you know you know is though a lot of people have been saying to us like when uh like like so you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get okay you know um you know a what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is so uh you know um what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter uh uh well you know is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going so um uh uh on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some um you know I mean um more than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season so um you know you know. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just well so okay well tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so uh I mean well well off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we like like I mean like get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want well um uh um to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast like you know I mean uh a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with well like like I mean. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not you know well you know I mean lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being renewed day um okay um I mean by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of well like I mean well Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that are seeing but uh you know okay well to the things that are unseen for the things that are seen are transient, but well so uh so the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor um you know I mean you know if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first I mean uh uh like off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you money um so um I mean. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from so so I mean you know your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been well okay I mean like completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can um like um um be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast. This okay you know I mean uh one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money from so um uh well your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones that you want you know you know well well and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need to make a uh you know I mean okay podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start a podcast, so so so okay but never known where to start now, you do download the free anchor app okay you know well like or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for I mean I mean so so giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is okay like well so free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you know okay uh you know you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will well uh um um also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple so you know okay I mean podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're like I mean so I mean extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast and like I mean okay so you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from the uh uh okay like podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a well okay um um podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, you know I mean um so go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- okay well okay okay to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA um I mean okay I mean Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so I mean um I mean like what up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I well so I mean you know like them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she uh so um okay on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode um so you know um of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three so uh um like months. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch like uh so like for a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road so okay like so and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help um uh I mean uh a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action so okay like um. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of so you know uh well our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to uh so like well do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can you know I mean well uh get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then down you know so well so the line move very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions that uh okay like you know may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower so well I mean well here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and you know I mean uh like stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab okay um I mean like your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for you know I mean I mean okay this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of like uh like uh her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our okay you know you know um family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, okay um uh well you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? um okay okay you know Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your like like so you know podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show like okay you know you know notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to uh so well um but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than like well so uh to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to okay okay uh uh hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear you know well well I mean me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question so uh um I mean was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to like you know I mean so all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a uh um you know I mean premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can so I mean um like follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download like okay you know you know episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're I mean you know like so listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, um so um so be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify like well um I mean or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow uh so okay uh me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another okay okay like um Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host uh uh like I mean of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health you know um you know um daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I have uh you know uh uh a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because you know I mean you know you know I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it can okay so like you know be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern I mean um I mean I mean of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I well okay um uh know better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a I mean um uh like loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to uh um okay well me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been well you know um well so powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker link I mean like uh you know and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title okay like okay I mean ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy I mean you know so you know too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you like you know so okay have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up um like uh um along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the so so I mean so beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters I mean like you know like on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So you know uh you know I mean background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the uh I mean okay uh Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford okay so well well copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you um uh okay um outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's like well so I mean Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on uh like so well this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding uh you know uh okay his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be remembered um um so I mean as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but I mean you know um um you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help uh so you know like on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one uh so okay okay to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the well like okay you know important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question okay um like um for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need I mean so you know well to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your hearts okay you know okay um Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women to harness um um uh like the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this episode. We'll be well so um uh talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business feminine flow um I mean so you know your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. You will walk uh uh um you know away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as other the filter okay well so well about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too like uh like okay afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to well you know okay okay leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg you know well okay okay now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like so I mean okay like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment I mean uh uh so and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah uh um you know so. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and I mean I mean well okay she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at like um well uh all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was well so um uh like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes I mean like so uh. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down you know well okay um to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I always need um uh uh uh to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? And I I mean like I mean I mean was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's like I mean um I mean well I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's well well well well word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more like you know uh well deeply on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of um well like so meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want okay I mean you know so you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast I mean uh okay you know form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee okay you know um I mean podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on um so okay well weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like well so well um listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom like well I mean like. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really well well okay so excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone I mean I mean um uh numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number I mean you know okay uh and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super okay you know uh okay handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? I like like I mean I mean think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not using okay like well um it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because so uh like okay it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm like uh you know well when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with okay you know well uh me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash like um so well. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got um so like uh killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I okay you know I mean so was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into the like well so like bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel like a failure uh you know okay um and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say like I you know you know you know um was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 like um you know okay uh in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out uh okay uh like of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't I mean okay so well know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because so uh so um you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means you know uh okay like. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and okay um like like I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million so you know uh you know dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is okay um so okay gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes so well so so. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for I mean okay okay okay a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say okay I mean well uh the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All so so um okay right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out like okay um um the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful you know uh um uh time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But like okay I mean I mean you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the so well I mean I mean moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date white well you know uh well guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of this and I so like so I mean gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's up um like um you know with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I am I'm having a great um I mean uh um day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super early got a lot of like so like you know work done one for a walk worked out did some fun stuff and now we're okay you know well I mean filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 um like okay like 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to uh so well well power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with um okay so uh my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure. You like um I mean uh know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got like okay um okay home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some like um like you know food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the well okay well well Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how okay well um you know in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I like I mean okay um am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly you know um like so recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on so so like um how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's so I mean you know uh tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you uh I mean um so and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor um um uh I mean app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC like um so well hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to you know I mean well uh another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove uh you know so you know. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought uh uh well like of a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my like okay okay like last name kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may I mean I mean like I mean think that breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant um I mean you know I mean program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's well okay well okay everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement uh uh okay like my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat okay uh well um Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food well so like okay and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and well so well so thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here like uh I mean okay in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also um like um I mean is also a co-working space where people can come and even record okay uh well okay here. We have a number of people who record here as well. Now if you so like um so are enjoying the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four so um you know I mean games or let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like like I mean so uh this video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If well you know uh um you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave okay um so so a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, like so uh so we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful well um so well entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to like uh okay like access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash so okay so okay create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous so okay um so. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure. So you know like you know okay far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of then New like uh like um York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of what is now um well I mean okay New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to shore, but he was never uh you know I mean you know seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in so okay um like Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all have one thing in uh I mean I mean okay common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're working twice as hard um uh I mean I mean as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other um um um like Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from the okay uh you know like sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank you like like well you know for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where we uh I mean so so interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in the future um okay well okay today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called well so uh so recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you know you know like uh you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name you know uh like um is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall um so well well Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy. You need uh you know so you know to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a good mood, well like so like but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just okay okay um I mean got done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it like okay well so was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here okay um okay you know soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Bales okay um uh uh and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? Good okay I mean uh well good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me like I mean like you know and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast like I mean you know uh. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice okay so um you know little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this like well um you know and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening you know okay so you know at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be so like um well playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why I mean well uh okay don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the you know um uh I mean blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on um I mean I mean well my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so um um like okay much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking like uh well like the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do you know uh uh uh not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day um um like okay after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was so I mean um I mean in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to you know okay so I mean Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what okay so you know you know are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to okay okay I mean okay impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity I mean um you know well. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor um like I mean uh its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow uh uh well you know you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor uh like so okay will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast uh well like um and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership like so okay so. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place um like uh uh. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get so okay you know um started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to talk um so like well about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by I mean you know you know um Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know so you know so okay that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a I mean so um I mean king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch okay I mean uh like with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some uh I mean um like like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would so well well like our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like you know so well like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have like so like I mean a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the I mean I mean um I mean decision, right? So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is okay so uh uh to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks I mean you know well well on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about uh I mean um I mean starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about well so you know um anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free I mean okay um well their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from well so well well your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on um okay um uh Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership I mean you know well I mean. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free so like uh so acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips um well well like and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans I mean well like okay to watch out for and much more here's your host and one of okay okay well like the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain I mean well uh you know it's free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your I mean so uh you know podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you well so so like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make so so I mean so money from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make you know like well okay podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to um uh you know well our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it okay um so I mean good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song well so uh you know that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly like um uh um you can check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping um I mean you know like everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their you know I mean so well last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered starting so well okay well a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I so so you know um can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get so like I mean uh it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I okay um so okay had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other you know so you know so platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone I mean uh I mean so from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can uh uh okay so do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me uh uh uh you know with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place uh um like uh to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So uh like so so download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started you know like like okay again download the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction okay so you know I mean episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd like well so I mean give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be like uh so um about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up you know uh uh well for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven well so uh uh years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the you know well you know uh game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't like so uh well I give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to well like so so players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening you know um like I mean to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management like so well okay follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you I mean okay like so can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area well uh okay um baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery um um uh well size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing to uh um like so get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow CEO so well okay like and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in you know so like you know North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that's um uh okay okay been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go like uh um like. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about why well I mean like um we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So uh I mean um I mean let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that like like um uh we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is uh like I mean okay to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities like you know uh well a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as well I mean okay um uh. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other like um okay um Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and like well you know um I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow it I mean you know you know uh on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know? Yeah, I mean um you know okay just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of Tales so okay you know so from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk I mean well I mean like about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are okay um like uh bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally with you know well uh I mean the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish like well uh well bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to you by the like uh so uh cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend reach out to so like um I mean me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's so you know so I mean see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that what was so you know I mean like it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest way to buy I mean well well so Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did you know so uh well a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I okay so well like did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast like uh okay I mean where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business um um well um and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we I mean so um you know are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting so you know you know you know a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do um like okay um to be able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search engine um well so okay results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a you know so okay you know website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on I mean so so uh for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts you know well like uh keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created and I mean so uh I mean it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys so okay well like podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk uh you know so you know a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I like you know well um will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way well um well well to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that uh like I mean so allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor so well I mean like will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music you know you know uh like. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your well like I mean you know podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in like you know you know like one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast okay so like okay is the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're well I mean well I mean all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good like you know you know okay and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let I mean you know um uh you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor so um I mean well distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're like well um okay looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right you know uh uh well. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 okay so you know okay today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of you know uh like um maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett uh um well I mean here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we um uh I mean I mean just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on so well uh you know the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you so like well I mean all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners. So you know like I mean uh it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Love um um well okay To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time I mean you know uh okay major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields uh like well like in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell given that I mean I mean um I mean which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not likely an investor so well okay so suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago um uh um um. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in New um okay like so Zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we're writing for so like like okay our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data that the well um uh uh the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent like um well you know. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 51% uh like uh well. And they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky uh so like well Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for uh like you know well joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week you know um okay okay. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of I mean well uh so March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has um uh I mean uh Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I uh so okay um know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of so I mean uh so news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might um um um uh be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people haven't you know okay um uh necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an um I mean uh okay article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in so okay so okay this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions uh well um um of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, um uh I mean so please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are well uh okay so say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am well um okay uh at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how you so you know I mean uh liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching I mean I mean okay like top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that you know uh uh um started life as something totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who uh well like I mean we are or what we want to do at least until a few like okay I mean uh decades in we go through many false starts and travel through many dead you know well uh okay and paths until we find the one that's truly right for us many companies are well um okay so the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please well like you know I mean take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would like so um uh really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory so well I mean uh and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next uh so okay you know week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking like uh um um for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the well okay like I mean unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory uh I mean like well will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So so uh so like no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need so so I mean you know everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's I mean I mean I mean like Hannah Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and you know um like okay Jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from so well uh so their current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being like well I mean well in our 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk like um well so about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous well like well like today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why um okay uh um I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this um so like okay was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here I mean so you know uh for 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I mean I mean so I mean I've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate well like like you know more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have so you know you know I mean fight say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and um you know I mean I mean mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a well okay I mean uh son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You like I mean like I mean may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of you know you know you know so what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you I mean so um um from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone I mean uh um okay Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke um I mean well so. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm like um uh uh doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV like okay uh I mean talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What like um okay um a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so I mean you know I mean well far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama like you know okay like mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal so so you know uh Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little you know like like I mean things at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing okay um so well our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown like uh so um class present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I uh you know like well am Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in you know uh I mean well the chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut I mean you know well uh you as you guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight well okay okay I mean. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about so so you know I mean Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it without well you know I mean you know you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We also have you know you know well okay a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from like uh uh um Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's like it's um okay I mean uh not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast so so I mean I mean. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from uh okay well uh ACC media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew I mean uh well you know Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All um so so well Things New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the like like like you know ACC this year. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay okay so I mean so. We've been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys well well um I mean. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so um so like I mean I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then um I mean okay like I moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode okay you know like uh. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you can like like so so apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved I mean uh so well one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and mindset coach uh you know well you know for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We I mean well you know I mean help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love you know so well um the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of okay I mean uh I mean social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the um uh uh um podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current like you know well um social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan I mean well uh you know on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We so um well um also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something like so you know okay for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners you know I mean well so as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join I mean okay so okay us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget uh you know you know I mean to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our so so um well listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well um I mean uh okay as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this I mean okay well okay journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're um like um I mean well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment uh well you know like this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's like like um um always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and like so well uh I'm always really good at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always you know like um you know like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good well um I mean okay at that so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's um so so uh hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable so okay uh you know feeling around your heart and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from like well okay well this. I don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire so well you know I mean mindset says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself so I mean okay I mean is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to um like okay uh youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said I mean like like I mean last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of um I mean uh um like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things so well well like that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super like well well um loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a really um okay um um epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that uh like so so I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event like uh so okay Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset I mean um well uh about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some uh okay okay so Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I um I mean so well did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in uh well like well the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating okay you know I mean well and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast forever ago uh okay okay like. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the easiest way to you know okay uh you know make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free. Its creation tools are okay so well um super easy to use and it allows you to record and edit your podcast right you know you know okay um from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard so okay well you know on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms you can make money so like um I mean from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything so so like okay you need to make a podcast in one place, please download the free anchor so um I mean you know app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You well so um okay will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you know uh like like you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that um okay so you know I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God um I mean I mean um. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at I mean okay uh well real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and um um well well speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this um uh so well is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we okay you know so I mean will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am so I mean I mean I mean like convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down uh I mean I mean uh. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected so like uh um of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now um well so okay you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a you know like I mean you know whole bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just uh uh well well to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought so so so I mean I'll take it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I uh you know like okay need to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what so I mean well okay intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week like you know um um. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend you know okay okay you know there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and okay well like so yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right okay um like you know now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt well uh you know um angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast I mean I mean um okay. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick update you know so I mean well. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I was um like um I mean stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a okay you know so so boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're okay well like you know not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free uh okay you know well this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, well like so uh I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you like uh so so know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor you know well um okay makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use okay um um uh and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast you know you know uh like right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on you know um so um Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even well I mean so uh if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make like okay well like sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot uh okay uh well. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back uh you know okay well to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees so okay uh like Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do like I mean um okay a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He you know well well okay was so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like so uh um I mean it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing like you know well uh. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just well well well well always like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him like um well you know singing while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor I mean uh I mean okay. Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have uh okay uh um like a sin a coat on and like the first note of the first so um well okay song He's already got the mic out of the mics and it has got the I mean you know okay you know mic stand up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that I mean I mean so okay if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen you know like okay um to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's so well um um over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight okay okay uh I mean years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years you know uh okay um Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to I mean like so so Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and okay well I mean like told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who so like you know I mean didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went okay well um like to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took well um you know uh their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when um um you know like they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's uh um I mean like been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the I mean you know like like player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in like um well you know with me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support like so well so and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I like you know like you know can't say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and um I mean so like Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today so like um I mean and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal well I mean um I mean development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and uh well well well get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick okay I mean you know like read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job okay okay so okay ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim I mean like um I mean D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully say okay uh like like I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of I mean well like so my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever I mean okay okay well see is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even I mean so like like know how to start. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up you know uh so uh on spring time and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice okay I mean well so warm weather. Sometimes I like to say that I like cold weather, but I uh okay I mean um think I like warm every now and then and there's some big changes that so I mean uh well are coming up for me. I can't quite sure. I mean I can okay I mean so I mean share them. I've just decided not to for quite some time. But once I do um uh you know so decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not um so you know I mean pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say like well I mean uh little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you like um you know you know who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan well uh um okay Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of so like okay well adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening you know I mean so like to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of well okay so so the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the uh you know well um last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't just okay like okay well because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you. And you know okay okay uh today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do we mean by you know so I mean uh Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you know, I mean I mean okay well when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people well um like you know like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious like well like um calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I'm like uh I mean uh sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something well I mean okay so which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or brother's uh so uh okay friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We went I mean okay like you know to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV like okay um like Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane like so okay well you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but like uh uh I mean we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host so you know so okay a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this so I mean like well episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so I mean uh I mean like many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up well you know okay I mean with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town so well I mean I mean. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for you know uh I mean so another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You uh I mean like you know need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have to I mean you know um like really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's good to be so I mean um okay able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it okay so I mean okay loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished uh well well you know it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to um okay uh um another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your well like like so mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My like like so I mean name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you. And I mean um I mean you know today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other and you uh well like well are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why okay you know uh like is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon I mean uh well I mean Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want uh uh you know well to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do that so like okay so. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts well I mean uh um or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be um like I mean well kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching well like I mean so top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts you know uh like well about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized um you know uh um crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a well uh um okay few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the well okay I mean well best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the um well okay okay only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous I mean I mean you know well friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome so okay well well to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm um uh I mean I mean Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind I mean you know uh so of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we you know okay okay so talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week I mean okay uh okay. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have you know like you know okay a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with well uh I mean okay your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning um well I mean like in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why okay um well um when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let uh like you know well me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for I mean so uh you know about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at like so uh I mean a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle I mean okay uh okay setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice I mean like okay I mean World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with I mean um well um people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and you know okay um you know we were able to see each other for a bit more than five or you know you know so so ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in okay I mean well okay a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they've you know uh so I mean been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This uh um you know okay is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to you know um so okay co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you well well well okay guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have um so like like a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one of I mean uh okay you know them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you know um uh well you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy one just um um okay okay four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading okay um uh uh and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for like uh so okay it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is um um okay um to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make like so I mean uh time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group I mean so like so near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of um uh uh well well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to uh like so I mean delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders like okay you know uh asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members this okay like so you know year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms like uh um well meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and I mean so okay well bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as you know so I mean um best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take uh well um like on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're uh I mean okay so not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door like um um so. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and um I mean okay well chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of you know you know you know okay PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity well you know um um of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is uh well so like because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I was I mean so I mean so doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in a I mean so like well series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with pondering purple okay you know uh well is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better understand like uh you know okay the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the frustrations so uh okay well of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when like I mean well okay I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing up between worlds you know um well so and of the push and pull of the happy and the hard then uh you know well okay I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in uh uh like okay ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't you know I mean so I mean quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me uh you know you know well my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The you know you know so uh knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the okay uh uh okay information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs uh like like well available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And um like uh okay in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating uh uh um I mean an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my uh you know I mean well channel every day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming well okay uh well obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and well uh you know uh Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed I mean you know like so one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from uh um okay uh taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's so I mean so like going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails uh well like so. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying like so you know uh to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two well well um okay normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell uh well you know okay you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope you know I mean like you know that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which well you know okay uh was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned in marriage I mean like so you know therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by I mean I mean like uh do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand new okay okay so well episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until then I mean you know so so there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and it's I mean I mean like uh one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist okay well you know well for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question you know okay like so about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question in the uh okay so you know episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom you know uh I mean like trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's so like I mean uh dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on you know I mean uh so Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at I mean okay so um ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on I mean I mean um well a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from so well uh I mean the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms um um okay uh of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts of the uh I mean okay okay world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at you know okay like you know extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved so so so um to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in uh um okay well and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out so so so well there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward um like well I mean to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym I mean uh okay okay ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew you know uh so uh up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow you know so you know um and that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if I mean okay like so you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of okay okay uh uh the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball well I mean well okay. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host uh so so so and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real um so okay um what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's okay okay I mean like talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick uh okay so you know how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take like so uh well you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because like like you know like I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies okay uh um I mean. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story okay okay you know okay they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed well well um well on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a uh uh uh um self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I you know you know I mean well didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my so um okay well life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective like like uh you know podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating well okay um well our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So so uh okay um today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and should so I mean I mean well not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed well like I mean I mean by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the like well I mean like opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on um uh um um this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential you know you know um like. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments are um okay um you know complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are uh so so uh not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where okay so so well we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund um like so so managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process like so like um for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the pulse well like uh uh podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer okay like you know like of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose like uh um okay is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and I mean like you know uh others across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today so so like you know. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience okay so like like applying technology data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System well you know uh well. You have had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief well well you know so summary of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and like so so okay decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is all you know you know so okay about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe uh I mean well um space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me so well so like in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold and freedom uh well um so with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds like um okay okay of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love like uh you know I mean we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and like well so uh all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything so so uh okay from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be like like uh so talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state well so I mean I mean to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the word tantamount you know like like you know spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent as okay I mean um so in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was um okay like okay tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term um um uh um. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused well okay well well with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are you know uh well okay impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both well um okay I mean tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or like I mean well so up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official like well okay um episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members uh like uh so on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going okay you know you know um down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got so um um okay a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves you know okay well um real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's well you know like okay a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early um I mean well like stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card uh uh uh okay. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the heart I mean I mean so um of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to get I mean well you know uh a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is so you know like like one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke I mean okay um you know up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So um you know like like I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made I mean uh okay well a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about uh so well like you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it so you know okay okay should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post and you know uh well um I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you know I mean um so you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this uh um you know okay Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if um like okay so I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you just like I mean uh uh you know bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it so um um so. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with it which like well well like was but he reached out to me and show me a DM and I do what like um like well I typically do when I hit him with an audio message and explain my um you know you know you know position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few well you know um I mean audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going I mean I mean uh well to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll uh um so okay be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your like um uh you know own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for well okay um so creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast well you know uh I mean right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most like I mean I mean so major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your you know you know you know well podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free uh I mean okay um anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So well you know um I mean been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, I mean so uh so you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of uh like okay so surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, like um uh so you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January you know um you know okay 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for well um uh like good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard well okay you know like care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed like you know you know um and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to uh okay like you know promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire you know um uh well order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link um you know so you know in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more okay I mean you know you know novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat like so you know like will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is um I mean like like online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to I mean so I mean well the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make um I mean well so podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a well you know um okay creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know um uh you know phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it okay well like like can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can you know uh um okay easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need well so well well in one place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small uh like I mean like business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists you know I mean you know um be seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you I mean so I mean like watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife show uh I mean okay I mean me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and there's I mean like you know well a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound so I mean so um quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that I mean you know um okay is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole so um I mean so life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle of well well okay I mean a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's all decided like like like well to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do this I mean you know like I mean podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to talk to like so um you know you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with so well you know like being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for well so you know um more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit so okay you know uh British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast um like like you know this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today um I mean uh I mean. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from I mean you know uh um different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to I mean well well like the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working uh uh okay uh on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base so okay like you know and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm okay I mean I mean you know based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? Folks so I mean I mean um at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on well well so uh anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let um uh I mean I mean me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to record you know you know okay like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast well okay I mean well for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of um like I mean well other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it so okay I mean okay easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in you know like um I mean one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to I mean you know well so Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny so uh I mean um Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo you know okay so I mean for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out okay well you know um. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our I mean okay um uh at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't okay uh I mean so have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind you know um um um of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break like okay okay uh. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every like well okay I mean night and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be I mean so um uh talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred like okay uh I mean Capital maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an so you know so um existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a uh like uh okay new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires I mean you know so well significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not well uh um like something we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs um I mean you know so to happen if every couple of months, so I not months every couple of well so uh so decades and this is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back uh like like uh it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not on account well um like um of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been so well I mean like working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and so okay I mean okay I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to okay like like well meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's you know so um um her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and uh like you know I mean some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so okay like well okay today was like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so okay you know uh um that I can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear I mean okay you know so and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am okay uh like uh super excited to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for okay um uh like years. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit uh well uh I mean to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The I mean well uh um knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the like uh um well information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting uh uh okay like your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm you know okay you know so coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some of you know so okay uh you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of um I mean um you know you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you uh well you know like don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I like like you know uh have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number okay uh I mean you know 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're uh like uh so going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I uh like I mean well hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments you know okay uh I mean before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was out um well um so in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually uh well well you know kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So okay uh well like I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the you know you know uh uh best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold you know like um uh days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're okay uh I mean like just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror you know I mean like okay movies? Of course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about um so I mean okay starting your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the you know I mean I mean um world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the uh well um I mean easiest way to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative you know okay okay um tools. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean um well I mean computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets okay so okay so on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's I mean like well you know everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you uh well so uh waiting for download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for the like I mean well okay next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up well um well so because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the well um like uh inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're like I mean like so going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem okay so I mean like candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right okay I mean okay I mean that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, well I mean I mean okay we're going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians I mean okay okay um all just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want okay uh you know I mean to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are you? so like like I mean All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been um so um well a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to like like okay um schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out I mean so okay um later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening you know um so you know before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am like like so well when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll you know you know like um be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment well so like you know trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and so okay like like uh on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really like uh so I mean know about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get so I mean um um your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph I mean okay well so. When we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical well so so I mean approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking like I mean I mean uh at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and okay well well well communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place suddenly so I mean so um a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled well so um like the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues okay well so well of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All okay I mean um well of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in uh okay uh uh other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem okay I mean uh okay God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when um well you know um I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always thought that was uh I mean um um like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull okay you know well uh up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, so uh I mean like we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would you fuck me up well uh well like with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys said wedges I you know you know okay I mean said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because um um uh um what was it Ben it was french fries. They are serving friend you I mean okay uh okay Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're doing well you know okay I mean to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is uh like um well based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House like um okay you know and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you uh so um you know grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him I mean um you know so. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be so okay uh well reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to so um well like Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the like you know um so god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring uh you know um so you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans um uh so well behind on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget uh so well okay save and invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my okay uh well I mean own experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement um okay okay um on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I well so okay okay have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined uh like um like with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over so okay so uh a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you I mean well uh so to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use uh you know like um to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from you know so so okay. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting uh so like um Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing okay you know like well technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a okay like well so black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope I mean okay um you know these conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and um like I mean like more service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part uh you know like um of our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate like okay um you know constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how uh like um uh to tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast you know well okay uh about ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding uh you know okay I mean Frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad okay uh um you know to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from um you know well you know What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught well like you know I mean the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with uh like uh okay us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How I mean uh well like many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices so I mean like I mean in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to uh like I mean um the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes so like uh like. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is uh you know um okay to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If I mean okay okay you know you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain well uh I mean okay it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know so like uh from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it like well so you know can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make well so so you know some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to you know I mean uh okay make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor you know um I mean you know app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take a okay I mean so you know moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having a good like um I mean okay time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there uh I mean um like to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who well so like well were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how to I mean uh I mean like handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is like um well um going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth uh I mean okay so out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet okay you know uh okay or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a um like I mean um contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's uh so you know okay the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free uh well so like. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow like uh so um you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute well uh okay well your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many I mean uh uh you know many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks okay so so like. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You you know like um um need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot like uh like I mean can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with well I mean uh I mean anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to I mean uh um so get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The uh you know well um True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for so so so okay joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you you know like I mean um. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things like you know so um well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that so so like well the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us so so okay you know in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit uh so um uh on a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump so um you know so on it and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for like you know you know uh sitting that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not um I mean like like supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh uh you know like you know on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to so okay like like overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I um I mean uh um was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are well okay well I mean near appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You I mean you know okay like understand we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out like okay uh so here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You okay well well okay already know. No, we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about okay I mean I mean okay it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that you know you know well so they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too well uh um like long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host okay so um um development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform okay like so um dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first you know well uh well ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's so um well so a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and Alton uh so like well see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through I mean um um um drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to any legal governance matters you know so okay you know for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm Abby um um well well and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and like well you know like murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive In well you know well I mean. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house uh you know well well near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her so okay um like son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he um um so uh actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we ask uh well you know okay all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you I mean I mean um um would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down uh okay so so to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad okay I mean you know okay joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I well well like so responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? like so well you know His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I you know so well okay tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that um I mean I mean um almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you uh well I mean well guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your I mean so well okay favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account okay so um well necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the like uh so uh one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you so you know so you know never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with um uh you know I mean friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to like you know like uh listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so okay okay okay you know already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or so you know I mean uh browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you I mean okay uh okay never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger well um I mean you know today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and so I mean so so bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot you know I mean okay so of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head. 60-minute um uh like like IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid you know uh like uh swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your host old so like you know um head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the well I mean okay so table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing well so like you know the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to uh well um like safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot seat like well well well. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University okay well you know I mean of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism uh um so like at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact um you know uh I mean of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand so uh uh uh from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for um like you know okay overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and like I mean I mean so from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm a okay like like um certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and well you know okay like Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing um you know um well with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking um like well uh about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them uh you know like um to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma I mean well well okay and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us I mean I mean well uh off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move I mean um uh you know on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should okay well okay uh talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate well okay well I mean. I know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, so uh I mean um yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for well so okay I mean two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un um okay like okay conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they so uh um um also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at so uh so um such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor you know you know so okay emeritus of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in you know well uh you know Charleston. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American I mean I mean um you know College of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled you know uh you know you know oseltamivir for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack like okay uh I mean is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several um uh well well papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I uh like you know I mean have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good I mean um so so how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you okay like like I mean know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I like okay so I mean had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you um like um I mean ask me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the you know uh you know okay kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his I mean okay um you know dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's you know well okay um interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought uh um okay uh wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or so like well you know today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird uh I mean well um. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you I mean so well well were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit I mean okay um so. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess uh um uh um we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, you know uh well like yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea well um uh like podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about well well you know so whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea well you know you know um. Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee um um well uh that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah okay you know um okay. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What well you know uh like about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I uh um um like make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just you know uh okay so the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do call I mean well okay well coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the tea uh like like so guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted so well uh like us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with well I mean I mean you know Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all you know you know okay so the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're so so okay I mean dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the like um I mean um law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter I mean I mean so okay where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an incredible well you know so like chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in sin so you know I mean um and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle um uh okay you know Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath like okay you know so stock was there and I am also here we are three and one after a um okay like uh decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up uh like like I mean looking like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would well well so like agree. We all know about that line and how it moved over the past uh okay um I mean past few days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked um you know like like myself out of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half uh okay so I mean and I shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the I mean I mean you know I mean nope. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and well you know well I mean I cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next you know uh uh like few episodes with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're okay okay uh okay talking mental health. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship okay well well you know as we talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's you know you know um um crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the um I mean so okay issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an so well okay I mean entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or so uh uh like something happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here you know um um I mean. So we put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's uh you know well like these little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if I mean well uh okay this is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and you know okay I mean you know hope that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families uh so well I mean to feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a like so so well world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of getting I mean you know um okay in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools and okay so you know so the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am one um well well I mean of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey well well I mean you know. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share uh so okay well with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed so like so uh entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and once you've listened well so okay I mean enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are like well um well putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together before uh like um well the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time you know um so so off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta well um you know uh things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, so so like uh especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework I mean um well I mean what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's so so so so start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back well uh so well to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because you know um um okay it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even well like well okay wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really okay uh you know um do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article so uh I mean like in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video uh like well you know about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as like so like so well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like um uh you know well Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at so um well I mean all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are uh okay like uh languages like German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds um like I mean so and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally the like well so like easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and you know I mean uh you know we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so like I mean like you know great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only so so so so record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but okay well well I mean they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It well I mean um so cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short okay um so you know and on top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's so so you know I mean free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money well okay well okay anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with you know okay well uh no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to you know you know like uh Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to like uh you know you know the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I uh um uh like am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot to cover so like like uh tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about and um I mean well so we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've got I mean I mean so so some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for you know um um you know that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll end it well I mean so um off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are I mean uh well um going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class like I mean I mean you know and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week you know I mean uh so but Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where so uh so you know the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be well well um so going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position uh uh so you know generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to okay like you know so offer we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box you know uh like you know. The draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the so uh so um Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you um I mean so I mean enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite I mean I mean I mean I mean good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is like so um so advised this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find okay I mean well so offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961 okay so uh okay. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On October uh uh you know like 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman wandering I mean okay so well their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should close okay okay so you know the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my daughter well so like I mean Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the police were okay um like I mean just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and like like I mean you know Mental Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year I mean okay okay well old Nathaniel should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His well well okay uh sister's nursemaid had warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on I mean so okay so his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough uh uh like I mean the Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his uh um okay you know breathing stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in um so I mean well his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, well uh you know you know I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has like I mean okay well come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood okay like so like in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do so okay so so that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk well um um I mean. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a well I mean you know uh thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can uh uh uh uh I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink is it so um like uh actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the like uh well you know problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the uh uh um like problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to well you know okay so get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to so uh okay uh get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor um you know well okay app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your I mean well I mean well own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to well so um okay talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want like well like okay to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to okay well you know uh the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on um like um uh your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss uh uh I mean I mean Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to well so well so 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear I mean I mean you know I mean. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be I mean I mean you know okay the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High uh like I mean like honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or well I mean okay I mean take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, um um well like this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're so okay I mean well from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by anchor well so well uh that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is uh um like I mean based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing so I mean well you know House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to I mean so well like see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time uh uh I mean like with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading you know so um um from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord like um uh um for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my so well I mean so soul and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the so I mean like I mean stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe you know like uh uh. Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If uh um you know like you never listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and you know so well um get ready for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people okay I mean so like and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, okay so I mean well Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist uh I mean well well tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter so um uh uh of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who um um okay uh goes deep to bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out so you know uh I mean for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett you know well well I mean I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you uh um uh like taking the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have so like um okay you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I like uh so uh my wife decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at um okay okay you know my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting okay uh like okay a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm so um um uh going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to um I mean um like come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound of uh I mean you know I mean the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel okay so well uh daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem okay so uh so to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm I mean I mean uh well one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up guys? so you know well uh This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is Brady uh you know I mean I mean Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I you know I mean uh I mean get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I knew as soon I mean uh you know you know as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards kind of bullshit, like I mean so okay but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we uh so I mean you know go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our first episode of uh you know um so our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch of random stuff uh um so well. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's okay I mean I mean um start with that. So to begin with we will ask our good old friend Siri uh like well um to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk um um so uh about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope you I mean um I mean okay like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this is today. My I mean like uh I mean guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank I mean um well um you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you for joining us you know you know okay well really? So I let me give our listeners are little bit of context like like okay like or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and you know uh um like I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer like um you know I mean together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm so like like like Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first we I mean um so you know want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a uh so you know like wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So well like like well if you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fidecom like you know you know so. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban like okay uh uh robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll I mean I mean you know um receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD well okay okay you know prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your I mean um like um booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you. You you know you know okay like can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate I mean you know I mean I mean in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but well like uh I mean ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for um well I mean you know every kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each okay okay you know like group to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds so you know you know um of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by um well like so legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys I mean like okay so podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk so like like uh a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I mean well well so I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to uh okay um so make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow I mean like well like you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute uh I mean okay um your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast you know okay um well my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum so well I mean um listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get you know well well well this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So you know um okay like like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's I mean you know um you know of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea so um well um. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, okay okay okay well yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay you know like so like. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster uh like well I mean sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love okay you know like well him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little okay you know you know you know he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic uh so like I mean feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel you know um um well boivin senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for um I mean well uh British Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims like um um I mean to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work okay well well so of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in you know uh like like this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information uh you know I mean like. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and so okay so like how our office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain uh you know okay okay Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast uh I mean like uh. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there you know uh uh okay my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was like I mean like well going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it is episode um well so well 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are recording you know so you know uh two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So uh like you know you know he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to find okay so um you know us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at well well I mean you know Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead you know uh so um leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if I mean like um okay you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at all um okay like well. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel I mean you know I mean okay Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading like okay so I mean shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully you know um you know you know but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate I mean I mean okay well Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat like well um um it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the so okay uh like producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking like I mean um you know no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers well you know okay you know take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically I mean you know uh uh designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee um um uh like an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains I mean uh well I mean. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like uh well I mean like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor so uh uh okay Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, so like I mean you know I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had you know um like I mean only known it like five ten years before early because all I need okay okay uh um to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click okay I mean you know so post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish like I mean well um it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available you know um you know um and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome um you know so um guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message like well you know okay if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to like I mean like so the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, like um like so welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines um uh um okay week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from so um like uh history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their like like like uh bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman so uh so you know lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She I mean well so you know and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of okay well um I mean saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China so you know like I mean with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own bra you know well so um the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police well well okay um resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of like so uh like Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved okay well I mean like murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's so okay so like most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts you know okay like okay. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this well so uh well episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy uh so so um Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that well uh okay I mean was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history well well uh um of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects you know you know I mean so and what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about you know like well you know today. Sure. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm well okay so um the bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very you know so I mean so much a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how like so well so the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change your life well well okay okay. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird. I um I mean so well normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've um so well like been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it is okay so you know you know because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever happen I mean uh like I mean to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all day uh well well like. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening I mean well well well in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris okay I mean so so with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through okay so so so the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special uh so uh you know on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into uh um like okay the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans um uh uh so and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the like like so I mean City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm so you know so uh or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan um uh you know okay of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you well so so like might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the so um um like one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite okay I mean you know like artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast okay so well um. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline I mean you know well so wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram like I mean uh well. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the you know I mean I mean you know acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to like well uh like follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly well you know so so with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night okay I mean so so the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair um uh so well. It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew um like um uh it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort uh like well like of broken down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the well well well like goals were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that uh well well so. They plan to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital I mean you know so you know K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were you know uh you know you know friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how I mean okay you know so we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you know, um you know um uh thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had you know so like like when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much you know I mean okay well easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far well you know I mean um the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In so like well well one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment okay well uh you know or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone so uh you know so right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the well okay uh you know creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which I mean like so I mean you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the uh well like okay easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record well like like like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your you know um I mean okay podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can well well well so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need you know I mean so so to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go um I mean you know so to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson you know um um well. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, like so well so you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great so well well you know. How are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story you know um I mean like and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank I mean uh um um you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue um uh I mean so and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to uh um like I mean continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you you know uh so uh many times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about like uh so like how you got to where you are and what drives you and what motivates well okay like well you and all those sorts of things. I think is so important to share you know uh so you know and I've had great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel I mean well like I mean media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect like so like you know to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 uh well so um radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys I mean well so um and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun well like uh well episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our okay okay you know okay app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited um well so okay to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank uh I mean I mean you know you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest like like I mean well names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction these um you know so like days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the like so okay so independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the okay uh I mean uh Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such okay uh you know uh poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at so uh uh okay grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm well okay you know I mean happy to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me uh so like okay why it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've like you know I mean um hit 20,000 subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel uh like I mean um you feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So um you know okay um I'd like to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a so um so so line it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking uh I mean I mean um with mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start um you know like so. Do I need to spell out to you why you need to start listening okay like uh so to that YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as well so okay you know you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has uh well like I mean happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games like you know you know um and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR well um okay uh leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be so um well uh digital. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical uh I mean so well to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It so I mean uh okay features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics well so I mean like and future of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the I mean um okay uh future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics you know okay well I mean at UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics you know so okay so learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics um so um I mean boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director okay so uh you know of my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per like you know um you know se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take you know you know like so control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down you know you know okay I mean. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now. And that's like like okay you know your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is the branch of you know uh well well the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism and its so um uh you know parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is okay okay so um how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions I mean like uh well are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and well um so so there are others of course, but those are kind of the main ones uh like so well. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first sponsor you know like you know well. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I okay uh okay um use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other well I mean uh so custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest like um like well price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can so you know okay so have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool you know well like well Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from so you know okay I mean and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have you know like well like something very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen so well so I mean to their customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number well well you know I mean 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a um like okay so great chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too so so like you know and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were like um well like small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do like like okay well this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a so you know so I mean chat with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of um so so so similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome well so well like. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about so uh okay well starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about like I mean I mean okay anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free okay well so um their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right so uh so I mean from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be so uh okay okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast like so like I mean. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place so okay so um. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started well like like okay. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join me okay like you know you know every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make okay well you know you know it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every like well you know uh Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying uh uh so you know process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors so like I mean uh the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor uh um like like is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own like uh so like podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once uh I mean I mean uh you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to well like um um Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor like I mean I mean okay or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what you know uh you know you know I have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to I mean you know uh um what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that you know um uh like everyone is on board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational um um you know like Journey that we are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like okay I mean I mean I mean organizing and like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list well you know you know so of how I want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that um well well so is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we you know I mean you know well shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please well um um okay unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford uh so so um in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, I mean um um you know March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame okay I mean well well combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss I mean like uh so in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a um um you know okay row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to okay well I mean okay sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road you know you know so um that we're key games against teams that were at least on like you know I mean like par with them Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the I mean you know well like Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference okay so you know so. They come up against the team and they play three teams on this west I mean like um like coast swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out uh I mean you know you know the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic I mean well you know um of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other okay uh well uh words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that women like you know okay um I mean about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they like so okay um um um we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first things first uh okay like like that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings and well um so well their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love story like well well uh. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery um well uh I mean store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way you know well okay so that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you so uh you know well go ahead and introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast I mean so um I mean. It's called speaking for the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I well uh uh like mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got um like you know um the bags of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to you know uh like I mean make money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this like I mean well uh for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with you know so I mean so my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in I mean so okay well it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business you know so so like. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice I mean you know well uh of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes uh so I mean so or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you just so okay so well woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready you know uh you know um and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but like so you know like we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every um okay uh I mean Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST uh I mean so uh on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody um well um okay doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the man so well like like taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to well uh well well talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something called I mean uh you know I mean cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for just so well uh like a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me um I mean okay you know. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word so you know you know uh hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where uh um um I mean you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a like well like well beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This I mean like so well is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast okay um so you know and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please well so okay well remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to uh okay like so read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest I mean like you know like you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in like uh well like the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are okay you know okay well trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the construction of the like okay okay uh story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic um you know you know well just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And if you're a minor we ask so uh you know uh that you wait to listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to okay okay um well the podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be you know you know like okay talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't so so you know like know me. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this I mean I mean well so for the cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so like okay so so today we have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night um like so well toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the so you know you know I mean inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every uh um I mean you know day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're um um um well talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, like you know um okay but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah so uh I mean um that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands uh I mean uh you know. Danny was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold um okay I mean uh medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and so uh well I mean turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most um um um I mean legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the okay okay so well Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in like I mean uh so Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by you know uh okay I mean three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast I mean okay you know uh was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed uh you know you know well up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you okay so so well by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best um okay I mean so of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now you know you know like you know anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on um okay well you know your podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away I mean um like um. In fact, that's what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it okay uh well okay before but you know, we love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped okay um uh uh save the audio. It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end well like um um points if you want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy okay I mean like like to do that as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a so well I mean uh podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start well so so uh that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour okay well uh well race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we um you know like you know host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to host uh uh okay um your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this got you know so you know well a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone you know okay well you know. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too okay okay so well. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you know um so uh I mean want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on I mean like like okay a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds okay like I mean okay And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing I mean uh you know well your great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in you know uh um um one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download the uh you know uh okay anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to launch your well I mean uh um podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount I mean okay uh I mean. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or uh like I mean so smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is uh like well um your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho uh like I mean well ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how uh uh so you know many different names you called ho over the course of the season because there's so okay okay okay been at least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point um I mean I mean uh now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in I mean well so I mean the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join I mean so I mean so Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice I mean so I mean um and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine uh I mean I mean okay. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close to uh uh well like my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you you know I mean well you know read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing off well okay I mean okay noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to so I mean like I mean talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way um uh well okay to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you I mean like um well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute I mean uh well um your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case well um uh so and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership like I mean so well and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor uh you know you know well app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take care I mean you know um okay of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk rumors um I mean well okay some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to do some you know okay so you know fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor you know you know okay um all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring well you know okay okay movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks um uh you know I mean Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome well you know okay so our movie news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that like I mean you know uh one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual so uh like you know and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D okay so uh you know divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the I mean like um okay akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today like uh you know um. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful you know like okay you know being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much okay like so well for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before I mean I mean well you know we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding so uh um okay brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's like uh okay well me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself um um uh okay about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we are um so well well spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a I mean uh so I mean break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how um uh uh so to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to I mean okay uh I mean cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of um you know well well planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording um okay I mean I mean from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we I mean so you know um will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's you know okay I mean um the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not in like like like like our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome okay I mean I mean okay. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your week you know well like you know. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but well okay you know uh me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be uh I mean so uh a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that um you know um um might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to you know so I mean like man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, okay um um uh March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, like well so um March 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break like well well uh again after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to so well well so hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open I mean okay so so to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and well so so okay the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new so uh okay so facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we I mean you know uh uh mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour well you know um like to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little I mean so um well bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work so well uh um. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans you know like um you know. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool like um I mean you know the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us so I mean well uh this week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features like so okay I mean Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team um well well okay since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about so so I mean you know 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, so um you know well I think out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used I mean I mean I mean like to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact like like uh I mean you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the like um you know well problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed okay like well I mean you guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to um like um like talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days okay okay um okay since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions um well like so show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you so uh you know um know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the okay well well like internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that okay uh okay I mean they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there you know uh like you know on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about like so uh uh what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances you know like well uh gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to so so you know so Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like I mean um like like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and um you know I mean uh church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, like okay okay okay you know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E so well uh you know in the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, um um like I mean you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but so so okay uh every now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic okay okay uh I mean. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but um uh I mean like just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and firecom uh uh I mean like. Where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment um um uh you know of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the well you know well okay block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER you know you know um okay ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your um um like uh fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness um uh you know um and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on you know you know well like track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship group like well okay okay as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help us okay okay like you know focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person. We um I mean like I mean trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then on okay um you know so the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just don't have you know I mean like so the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a one-on-one okay okay okay you know basis and at the start of this year. I've been thinking a lot about how I well uh well well can mentor more people how I can help more people. So I have created an online well so well like community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to join me live uh you know so so for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever you you know like uh I mean are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on well you know well okay behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening okay like um so to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate uh you know I mean uh and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana okay like well like husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be so you know well so discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share I mean well I mean I mean our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this as well um I mean like an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over uh well I mean I mean the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a I mean okay I mean like thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something I mean okay well I mean that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or I mean so uh so Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your like well well uh host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video you know um I mean so that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like you know uh I mean you know this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That um like you know you know would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top I mean um so so 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy well okay well I mean bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter um okay like you know in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless uh you know um um victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And um I mean like uh the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the okay like I mean you know years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have you know well okay well 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I okay uh I mean um will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the long-running well well okay well super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism you know so uh like and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks so um okay you know um much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached I mean I mean um uh out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So well so well well I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child like uh so you know sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of uh uh um I mean a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married well like um okay their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 well uh um um the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new uh you know well so briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to so uh so I mean address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly so you know I mean okay podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far okay um like um and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a you know I mean uh you know mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she okay I mean well like put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back I mean uh um uh to it that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a uh okay you know like big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to um okay uh um set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do um well um like the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do it for so well okay okay a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the top you know well like I mean 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just so okay so okay why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big um like so I mean fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey okay you know like like where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist like so um I mean Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father so well like well John Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his um I mean I mean well video series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio uh well I mean like track land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods like um I mean you know for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real okay um uh um time, which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's you know you know like like amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific um okay I mean okay applications. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e whycom so you know um okay. And check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal um okay like like. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde like like like well. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going well like like um to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the you know you know okay like bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, I mean okay uh uh and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can be so like um I mean like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white um okay I mean you know wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide okay like like so section which is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which is like so so well why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My you know like like you know guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share her uh uh um um emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for this opportunity uh I mean I mean you know to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three year Journey okay um uh so. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always smiling. She well well so well had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to be around even okay I mean so okay to this day. She is still full of life and so are her kids so like I mean well. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her love for you know well well like Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode 3 of um um um you know dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting down with you know uh okay okay actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these various parts. Probably uh um okay um the first part you would Norm for is the power of methadone Mac on so I mean I mean um still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like car. Of a well like okay um rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a few Detective Mike I mean so uh okay clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey uh uh well uh was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to uh like okay I mean you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about well you know uh okay. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining uh so I mean like will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with you know I mean uh well Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric like well well I mean. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo like you know well uh TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one um um like uh. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it helps so um um uh and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as uh um uh like we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc well okay like um a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a James I mean um uh um Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better um okay um so the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name uh um so well is Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do okay uh uh so we have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement uh um um like podcast. You can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I so okay so um appreciate you jumping in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the okay well like well future Sox podcast. This is going to be weird for me because I don't I mean you know okay I mean normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this uh you know you know so up Mike. Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited okay well like okay over at Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing um okay like um this now for almost two years and it really is like a Grassroots thing like so I mean so that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned into and now well uh uh so we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on well so like well the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there like well like you know through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows a well okay well I mean week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss okay um like um both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I want you know like I mean well to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll um well you know you know love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I uh like so um want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the uh like so you know whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? like um like okay I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for okay okay okay like some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away okay well like uh and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not uh so like um try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which uh I mean you know um is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know well like so right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast I mean you know well okay for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the um um I mean okay free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so I mean like um well we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt I mean I mean I mean well Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This um well well I mean is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos like I mean I mean so the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more you know uh you know um places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've I mean like like um got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website I mean like well you know life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening well uh uh you know Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are like you know so you know behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game uh um you know well against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm um like um you know telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I I mean like so I mean love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building well so okay like top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast well like uh you know. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh uh okay you know your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you I mean like um um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make you know well well you know money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts uh well um I mean in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM um so okay uh to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about uh so um you know talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets you know well like um. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about like uh um so how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing um so um uh Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology okay you know I mean um North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with I mean so well uh professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a I mean well okay so great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable uh okay uh you know altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October um uh well um. So be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful well okay okay okay that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it well I mean you know like if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at so like so I mean Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone um uh you know so Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in okay um I mean okay the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by you know um so uh mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We uh I mean um well talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has well well um well an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at well uh so like the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who so well well um was lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he okay so so like was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he like so you know I mean saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks well well like okay That him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave like uh so okay them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in okay so so well the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat um okay like you know fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall like like okay like Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless okay so so uh. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon row um well you know you know of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating um so okay uh peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of um so um you know a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one else was um you know okay uh looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already had well um so okay FX in the region but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job okay like so okay was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast I mean you know I mean um back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the you know you know well um weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to I mean I mean so I mean sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being well so well you know back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you uh I mean um well know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando um I mean uh you know who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek so so you know I mean and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back so well well like to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney I mean well uh well and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of all I mean you know so you know going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and two of so uh well you know act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo I mean I mean uh um speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the you know well so um crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still you know like okay well hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his well okay you know okay chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of well um uh okay course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city well um so so liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel okay okay okay so secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid okay um well like that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none well um so you know but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards so well you know I mean Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I okay you know I mean uh don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't um like okay okay be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've reached episode uh okay uh um to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, like uh okay I mean you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but also I mean well I mean so the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in I mean well okay so my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has very okay I mean like uh strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and those beliefs uh I mean I mean like Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey okay um like okay of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems okay um you know uh and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple so like okay you know fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are I mean so okay okay promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current you know okay so so health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship um I mean like you know that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year uh um well okay. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly you know um um I mean wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview okay you know okay so people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions and well so you know okay expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the easiest well like well like way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you well you know I mean so everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your well um uh I mean mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your like like well so podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google um you know okay well podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make uh um so well money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor so like so you know or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's you know I mean um you know Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm well well so okay going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name I mean well okay you know is Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here okay uh um um joined by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for well uh so um today and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this like you know okay so little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we you know uh you know okay thought it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today you know like I mean you know if it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that so you know uh so where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have so like so uh you been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back you know so you know um. Nobody's looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All well so so okay right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us uh you know uh okay. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of so well so you know today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email here so so I mean um from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling me how just in I mean okay so okay a short period of time. He's in a situation where I guess his he's been okay I mean um um married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently like you know like you know about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having an emotional affair with I mean uh okay okay some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed his approach well I mean I mean you know. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging I mean I mean you know I mean out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of attachments or okay so you know uh worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast uh so so so with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, well so well like but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward um um uh so to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process like okay well you know a few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, um uh um like let's just start a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following uh um I mean well a few months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually um I mean you know um got go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right um okay so so here is a kind of weird one were both jumping on the train you know like you know okay and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't like I mean I mean well all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I you know okay uh um don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and um well okay like keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna okay you know okay you know hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about like um uh um how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take you know so you know like and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know you know uh okay okay what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be well okay you know okay willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you uh okay I mean I mean wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that okay well uh uh ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep well you know um I mean moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We I mean okay so well know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And so uh like I mean we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround I mean you know well so in what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers uh like I mean so that we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but okay like uh I mean maybe Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got so um okay so my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that uh um like okay means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, I mean you know I mean you know whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I okay so you know well believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week I mean uh uh uh because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up Christian um um like okay are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from Lehigh University. Number I mean uh okay I mean one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the I mean well well you know unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was found on um you know okay like her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed to the so you know I mean uh crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown that well well so well night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify like well you know uh or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case well well um um listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault like you know I mean okay that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children well well well I mean under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer so I mean like I mean Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, um well uh um Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely um okay okay well focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint well okay um I mean investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of like you know like I mean those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill I mean okay well well a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here okay okay I mean so. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides I mean like uh I mean just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go um so um well for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect well okay you know you know those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions so so I mean um of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's um well okay um. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking uh you know well um at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a so uh uh like story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass dome for uh well uh well two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it all went a like okay like so little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to get a bit uncomfortable well um so like rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all knew instinctively um well like um that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want to well you know uh I mean be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you so um okay you know from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time. I well so um like love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound like you're uh I mean okay like trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of I well um well I mean don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because I mean okay so well we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we so um like uh posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found I mean so you know um Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold for okay like um like a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting in our um uh like well living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is um um you know um definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the plan so I mean okay um today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB uh like okay I mean and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling so well I mean you know Adventures of Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend okay like like okay and don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go like um so well through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So like okay okay like be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on I mean I mean um okay right now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a so like uh like pop socket. To enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be I mean well well I mean entered in the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for you know I mean you know well so we have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand you know I mean okay okay new ones. Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to so you know um like the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale you know like okay uh. What do you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a okay uh so okay couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah I mean well well um Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with I mean uh okay you know Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by well uh uh you know women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and like I mean I mean you know we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode well I mean uh you know includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise uh okay you know well Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at um I mean okay so Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader well okay okay I mean. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the Oakland Charter so well okay so. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's what he'd say I mean like okay you know. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It featured a like well well so redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and okay you know you know okay other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion you know um like you know for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening to to uh like well okay the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for fans um I mean you know like of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car so okay like I mean. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music I've had okay well you know okay to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming out of one you know um you know you know of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor okay you know like like dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best okay uh I mean I mean way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put well I mean like uh it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's um um so like by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm so uh uh well I mean happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if well um like I mean you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well so I mean well well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another partner so um I mean so that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a special uh okay I mean like term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So your so okay you know I mean partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with well well like well your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know this uh like well um person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, okay okay I mean like which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your like I mean well well metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours so um um well or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to I mean you know okay uh be besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or um okay um you know have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in conversation episode uh uh I mean I mean with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing an action taking I mean I mean well um I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he okay so um okay is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously known Zach is one um uh so I mean of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives who were traveling uh I mean I mean so. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a uh like I mean I mean Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably you know well like you know where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off well well you know well when our laptops and a lot of people come through and sort of uh well um well asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You got a few things you know so uh like in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show uh so well so notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened I mean uh like you know it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes well you know like well to you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of well I mean I mean you know have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your uh like you know like own words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there so well so well good angels and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is okay I mean you know um a stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about um like okay um any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing so well you know you know their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the like I mean well like well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta you know um okay I mean gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to like so so you know be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How so um you know you know did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about so um okay so um over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I okay okay like so was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when I I mean um uh you know started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking for an uh you know like like initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I realized that a you know you know like so lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting I mean okay so like announcement. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast well so okay well Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you so you know well well know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well like you know well you know romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds you know like I mean uh of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So we're okay I mean you know okay really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into romance in any flavor well I mean um you know check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one of my very um I mean so um favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super so I mean so you know amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about um I mean you know so the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the uh you know I mean like most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode well like well well. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network you know I mean so well. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us so you know well uh explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime well uh like I mean world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify like um so um or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be you know like um you know posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and okay uh you know well you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope so so okay you know you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here like I mean I mean um at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We um I mean you know you know literally literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this uh okay like I mean is some sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at um like well um 4:00 and we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though you know like like like. Sometimes eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us so well I mean so again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves okay so well so in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at um so uh okay this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe you know so I mean okay it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, okay I mean I mean well you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, okay I mean um okay we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has um I mean uh uh because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever we I mean so uh well are and we sit down and and I think most of the time well I mean um uh we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad like you know I mean so. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you okay I mean I mean so got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I so I mean you know well was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans my so uh like um hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going okay uh okay well on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so much okay so um um shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I well um uh well have errands to run I was linking with people that I see in a okay like well like while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans like I mean like so and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and I mean uh so okay it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no I mean you know well I mean one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record um like um like before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my well uh I mean so name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and so um um uh real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that you know well okay like might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers. Also, um well you know I mean please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a uh you know I mean you know mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by uh I mean um so our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's weird well um um so. It's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, well um so um I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom well you know well you know one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for your well okay I mean uh intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room I mean um well I mean a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes. How's uh uh uh okay it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here. It's well so okay you know weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can tell you know so like um it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known for out I mean I mean well um here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature every day okay okay um so for the last I think week something like that. Well, it sucks here so good I mean like okay I mean for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode so okay like I mean includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 uh well okay well. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for the holidays so I mean I mean you know the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered World okay okay like you know feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic architecture so um I mean so. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your Traditions okay uh like you know eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a walk so um well um to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a bad okay like well well choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line um okay so uh. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs for I mean okay I mean um everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space amusement park okay well you know uh is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was like hurry I mean well um well Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all know are you uh so you know like get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely remember that because uh like uh you know you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down uh okay like like the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go back well I mean you know you know to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was acquitted you know you know I mean so on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years later um well um okay if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more shocking sports events okay so so so from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen free on like okay so uh Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for the main event like you know so okay nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew ducky so okay I mean you know. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy okay so okay I mean. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few okay uh I mean okay precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again like so uh okay when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you I mean so like so drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh like you know like I mean your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as you dress um um like I mean you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice responds with the like okay um like exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember exactly like you know uh you know what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly like like I mean well you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian okay like um um Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve well so so like Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential I mean I mean okay well targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys like uh um you know are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the um I mean okay you know legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium I mean uh I mean well Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that uh uh I mean like dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt like um you know okay Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed okay okay so okay Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why okay uh like so circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin um um I mean okay in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my well so okay so Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some so um so um form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something um well so um that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So um so I mean you know we're going to break down the science and we're also going to break down um you know well I mean some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around so I mean um well real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I okay like you know I mean choose to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for I mean you know uh like cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as you um uh well like can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for so you know okay like episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great okay well like um compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and so I mean so you know get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business um um uh like and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and okay I mean I mean you know get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick like like like so read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art of small like okay I mean well talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith okay like so okay introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often sat in visible um I mean um like in the back of the class. It was when her third grade classmate Rita so um I mean I mean passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting um um um okay your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is the I mean I mean okay okay way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So uh like like well if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download uh so okay okay our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just uh I mean well well hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple like well like I mean iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and uh uh okay um best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the um like um okay mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We uh um um like appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do you know uh well okay this without you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave okay uh I mean uh a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have so okay like okay all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh you know like uh. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and so well well you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast okay you know well uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you know uh so okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need um like like I mean to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to uh like like like Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for I mean well so um the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for so I mean you know uh the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't I mean like you know well know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts at um you know uh so home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find the uh like like okay time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, I've just I mean you know okay well released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden dot I mean you know you know uh code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of three I mean okay so you know workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio trainer um I mean so like app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the I mean okay so you know plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a chair up um like like so some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around the I mean um um so house. And so if you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go you know um you know well and get the planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here uh okay like uh we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on. Becoming well you know like you know extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, um um well well I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here well you know okay I mean we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out well so I mean so. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young so so well so child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we like um like um watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to well okay I mean I mean share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's you know um okay you know kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my I mean uh uh well last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps well well um uh that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about you know okay you know you know my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the uh uh so um dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that so okay um like was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're uh like okay uh up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're um so I mean you know certainly getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot so like well well of different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the okay I mean like um Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank well so uh you know you for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk like um you know you know to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no. Oh well well you know well no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord you know uh um you know and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's like you know you know like about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning I mean okay uh like of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will so okay okay I mean be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following uh well so so that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script so um uh so shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create I mean uh well uh new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / you know like um you know bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super like you know so um cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together I mean so uh so. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank like I mean uh like you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's I mean I mean you know so so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo like okay uh okay. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm well you know like well Tess vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, you know uh uh okay we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team so well okay uh can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast um you know um I mean drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From um I mean I mean like Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm um uh like like going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe well I mean like well don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because well so so you know I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining you know um uh you know to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good like you know I mean like stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a you know well well I mean talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist you know you know like uh extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage like well I mean uh. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for so um okay so having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own you know you know like I mean medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go you know like you know so on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to well you know um um be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it like you know I mean you know my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were like okay you know uh on the road. It was on a phone in or do you have so like you know you know to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house so like I mean I mean. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, uh um uh well and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here I mean I mean so you know to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are I mean like I mean uh listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out um uh uh you know there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your okay well um you know voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the I mean like I mean I mean easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools that uh you know like uh allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your I mean uh um um computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on so okay you know like Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not well like I mean um even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so I mean like I mean. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's you know um so um guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient you know um um you know a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand side you know uh uh like at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a masters at uh like okay so Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and so well I mean uh then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a um uh so you know few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks uh um like okay. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start I mean okay so okay the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before so okay like uh we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor okay uh you know I mean if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's uh um like okay free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools uh I mean uh well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and uh you know like uh computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can okay um uh well be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money well like so well from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make like well you know well a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot okay um I mean so. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I started uh like I mean so I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory like like I mean like victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has you know I mean well uh Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This is uh okay uh okay a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final season okay you know okay well of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very uh well you know okay excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in so okay so okay the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand um I mean so uh champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a you know well well um bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is like you know uh so not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done well well like um some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome uh I mean you know like to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get like you know you know so here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming uh okay um well on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not well um so um so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going okay well like well to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name um you know um so is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here uh well um so today. We have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we so uh like well um, this is an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two okay I mean so uh because we so I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it uh okay like okay didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always so um I mean you know have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it in like so um so a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis uh well like uh and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri River I mean well like okay. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping so well uh okay men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under the cover I mean like okay you know of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that had been you know well I mean I mean hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on some humans um um uh uh. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know um okay okay I mean that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor you know like uh um it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that I mean okay so uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm well like like um doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute uh uh I mean okay. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts so so um you know and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum well okay you know I mean minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in I mean um like uh one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- well um um like to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 you know um you know I mean coming at you. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys so like you know like the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast well um I mean um where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business well like so okay in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day uh um uh like this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic okay you know so well of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is you know like well you know starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend so I mean I mean okay of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us I mean uh okay so about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but okay uh well I mean the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to get like like uh so them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an you know so um like awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here I mean like well well is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is okay so well I mean a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for well so okay well businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a I mean you know uh okay podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record okay you know um so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute so like well well your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other uh I mean uh so platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership I mean like uh well is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the free anchor so uh like um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the so well like uh node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at so you know okay um a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I okay I mean I mean okay don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the okay well well uh podcast. So a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube I mean well like okay channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and okay okay like okay they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind um so okay so of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a niche I mean like like okay how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can learn more well uh uh uh about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to that in um well like so the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all that stuff okay well like um and you kind of understand how to build the business then the question is, well um I mean you know well, what do you actually have to get done before you make that website on um uh I mean well Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? So um um well okay I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple different options like so well like you have and then let you know what I do and what I recommend so so uh okay well with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a you know so so you know bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two uh okay you know well very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so uh like I mean well hi everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys um uh I mean uh. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable uh uh uh like break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you so uh you know okay had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our lesson so well well you know on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is actually the so like like okay tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you like okay like I mean are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor well um okay you know is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record and uh you know well okay edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your okay um I mean so podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and like uh so I mean Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind okay okay uh I mean of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money okay you know well you know from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad well um uh uh that I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off you know okay I mean okay of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode okay so like I mean of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We uh uh well like are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova like you know I mean okay at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame I mean so uh well Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan okay well okay well Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this so okay so um show here before I get into it as always be sure to like well I mean well okay subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can okay well uh so get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building like well like um on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place you know okay um I mean by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They okay uh you know well literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome I mean okay well uh back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because I mean uh so um Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies okay uh uh you know seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this uh like so um is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I mean I mean you know so I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just need okay okay I mean okay tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast about like uh you know so well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going I mean you know okay so to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from uh I mean you know I mean Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with so okay I mean uh that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie and okay so uh you know first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor before okay um like uh downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I encourage like I mean well okay you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's free to so okay um I mean download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not I mean like um well record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that okay so you know so allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer okay so uh um. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I I mean uh I mean um have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we so so like so talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading like uh uh so the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have like um well like to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me so um like um if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back um like so so home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock uh you know uh I mean right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see okay well you know I mean if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I so so so I mean read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram because well uh uh I mean I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here I mean um I mean um with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I so okay like I mean think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center I mean okay so I mean and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from you know okay you know uh Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels I mean um okay like like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm um you know I mean like sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much uh like you know so for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all uh okay I mean I mean because I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're um you know okay well an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such okay like so like a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode you know uh okay well This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we well like I mean well do once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to well like so so go live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So you know well like um if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back I mean uh um so on it. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to okay like like okay be able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not so you know okay uh connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up you know uh well okay an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this uh um uh okay month. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly you know so um um. Anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the I mean um like um discussion at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background you know well like I mean long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian okay you know like well McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United you know you know um I mean States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are so um um you know based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The number of uh you know okay okay infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered across 15 uh well so like. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that states getting hit very like okay so okay hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first uh like I mean um case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing uh well okay um home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah you know so okay um. Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You like uh like um know, no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some you know like you know okay things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the uh well you know uh system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have uh like okay I mean a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get well I mean okay uh into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this you know you know like like boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into like uh I mean um what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's uh you know okay so stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk like like you know okay club with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson you know well well like who is actually talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast so I mean um so. Oh, yes, he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our so you know I mean uh acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm you know I mean I mean well Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm um um um okay studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful I mean so okay um Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport with um um um I mean an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and so so you know um stewardesses as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge you know um well so. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel I mean um okay well. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami like well um like. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets you know like I mean you know to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at um like you know okay his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard um well I mean okay the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and I mean okay like I mean welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the you know okay you know so top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and like okay well you know welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with well okay I mean like your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting so um you know um the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a um um you know okay look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor okay well so uh Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in like you know well so Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually I mean um well okay down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to pay like um like uh homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught by uh well so I mean professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor you know like uh so to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a few join I mean okay so uh me each week as I dive into these topics and much more now stay like so um like tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty um uh I mean well. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with like uh um you know business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take so like uh so your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited so I mean well so to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie so okay well I mean is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works um like well um on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera you know like I mean uh. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time so like um um makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you guys um I mean okay well are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts I mean um I mean I mean. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast so so um okay is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought so you know um you know you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know like uh I mean you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the I mean like um you know past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme like like so like of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the like so so you know things that we covered from the past few episode is about I mean like okay so mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or okay well well you know as a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be well I mean uh so basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should you know like uh like be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast well uh okay uh and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the um um well like upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy like so like you know Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've well okay um uh got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to I mean uh okay okay get into our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff I mean like you know I mean. So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let like well so well me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the so so uh um floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me I mean um you know um do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to I mean okay uh so talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the you know okay uh um questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and uh um okay okay what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then make so I mean okay you know sure to stay all the way to the end because I just started um so you know uh a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where well like you know you know I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six uh so okay you know and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me well um uh okay as I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic um um okay so of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This you know well um so is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality like like um you know is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to okay uh like you know feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going you know um like I mean to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really I mean uh uh okay great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days uh um okay uh it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're you know I mean I mean I mean just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and like I mean so so your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that um okay like you know business you want to build or that career you want to have is just I mean like I mean I mean unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This well I mean uh I mean is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have like well I mean you know described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the you know you know um uh show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest well um okay I mean month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal uh I mean like I mean of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that um like okay well he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the you know well like um idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had um so um um in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the I mean you know uh well great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought I mean well I mean so me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to so well um okay a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess well uh okay I mean Addison also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names I mean okay well you know do you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in so so well um criminal justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on well you know okay um the beach coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, so I mean like you know she and her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in okay I mean uh I mean San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her okay well uh I mean for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and like you know you know so I'm here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How I mean um well um are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just so I mean I mean like chilling in your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? you know like um so Your first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I okay um like like feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium like like so you know and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices I mean uh like so in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, I mean well okay like but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what um well um I mean I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I mean you know uh I mean I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends from I mean um like you know way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us so you know um well today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from San well well so like Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share uh so okay okay with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true you know like like I mean. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah you know you know okay you know. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a minute well um okay well. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? How do well you know you know well we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like so well um well to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to uh uh um well Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So so like I mean I mean easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy uh like like like. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I mean like okay like I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in like um well okay it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It I mean you know like well will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are okay well um you know available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome like I mean you know so guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message um okay I mean um if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out okay so well like to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this like well I mean um mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have you know um um you know restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy like uh uh you know this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on um so um you know social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, so uh okay okay it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would uh so well like love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you like okay uh well think of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This um like okay like one is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those I mean like well well of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the I mean so you know so guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the okay I mean well you know management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict I mean like well so on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle um uh you know so cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners um like um so running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for you know um like well a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my um so um so travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome so okay like like back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much I mean like okay you know for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's uh so well I mean start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you I mean um so you know know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire so well like you know life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our you know um you know um manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best um uh well you know friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want like okay okay you know to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major uh I mean well so event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the I mean okay okay so bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend uh I mean so I mean. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy um like like like Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way so you know I mean I mean back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is like I mean you know you know. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's okay so so you know up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time uh uh so um no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot well well I mean like minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on okay uh uh you know you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and uh well um so stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as so like uh well far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always amazed like um like well with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I you know uh I mean um mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already um um well you know listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of well uh you know you know stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams play like um I mean um for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both okay like okay you know of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the I mean I mean um I mean companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan like okay you know like. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live uh well like um say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to um okay uh I mean dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring uh uh okay so happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of okay okay uh so to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together um I mean well well on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of you know uh like um your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed well um well so beans that you are you are in the process of creating most of you two um I mean so uh realities contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the um well like okay greater Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are like you know so well as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the okay um um so process of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot like uh well um minute and we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities you know so well well can merge is for you to come with us in other words because we're uh um so well not going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the you know okay well like injustices of your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes so well so uh discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise uh you know like you know Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was searching through I mean I mean uh like her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she so okay I mean well heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle so you know okay okay Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very so okay um like well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a um well like okay few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So like I mean um like she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a you know well you know um party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to um like like um the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union um uh uh so Yes reuniting here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It well um I mean I mean has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice I mean I mean well you know Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions um okay uh well. Ya betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel so you know I mean so good to have the family all back together. So good to see everyone and I mean um like I mean seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is I mean well so like intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any okay so like I mean reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in well um well well nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based you know uh I mean I mean on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion like well okay so statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites you know uh I mean like have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show you know uh uh uh. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine okay uh okay um start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the uh you know um uh outside in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about okay you know so um heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may like like um well have helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is uh so so I mean the story that people have told about what happened many years ago. In the well uh uh like 1700s before America was called the United States the British and Americans were I mean so so you know War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with well you know okay um Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you uh so well I mean outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then okay you know so well there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the you know I mean okay I mean Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles uh uh I mean uh rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small dingy uh I mean like like house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked in a so like okay I mean battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence enter the I mean um so you know room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life so I mean so okay through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin I mean um uh so Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse okay okay uh like and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives like okay so you know. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did um I mean okay well to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us you know okay um um believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not so you know like like certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to well um like well you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you okay uh so so doing? Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I well so okay like know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two like okay okay uh girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding well well like um. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why so uh uh like or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up okay so um I mean on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has you know uh well like been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim um you know I mean I mean Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only well well um okay claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating uh well like uh discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be you know I mean like you know long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's um well well uh the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality like um well so Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup um um okay so of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we um okay I mean okay do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube you know I mean well well channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe well so well uh button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This um like you know you know is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the call well um okay you know. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on this okay okay I mean you know morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going to pray you know well uh so for you on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm staying at home you know like so um today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from work, okay like you know um but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure that um well like so I got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So today you know uh well um I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of well I mean I mean you know Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions you know okay um so have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on so uh like so The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell uh uh okay uh the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy so so well you know theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past okay well like like a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with Brigade um I mean um uh is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear so okay I mean uh separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie. And you know um so okay how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to I mean um um like yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid joab um I mean uh I mean case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers well I mean so okay are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal uh well you know I mean you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm um you know you know okay really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic um you know um you know. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing well you know uh uh to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go so like well uh of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality like I mean uh so great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter well um okay uh of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you uh um I mean so doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain well uh uh well at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if uh uh okay I mean you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that I mean uh I mean okay Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description you know so um like and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going so okay I mean well to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced you know um I mean you know as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was well um so like filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has um well well okay to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would you know you know okay I mean have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no okay well well well other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in I mean you know okay well the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily um well so okay. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her um okay uh um earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check okay so um so out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for so uh okay okay the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker you know okay so you know sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland well uh like like. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she uh well I mean so serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves uh um uh you know on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and well like okay well events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a uh okay okay um CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some um like so well prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre you know you know so like. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We I mean I mean um like also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with okay like you know you know the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to I mean uh uh like our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world you know um so uh. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain you know well you know so them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons uh so I mean so and Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week um you know well so is a lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking you know I mean uh like about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser um you know I mean uh questions again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them I mean like um well. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all you know um well well that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we okay well um uh started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there okay well well like. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a um uh okay uh lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean okay I mean okay me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so okay well so podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you know like well uh. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you well like uh uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make well well you know uh a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred okay well so um on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated so um you know like Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist okay okay um okay and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford well like so um copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you like uh you know like outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then I mean I mean uh so there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th so uh uh so 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa so well um uh. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night um well well um. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa well uh you know you know Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night I mean uh you know uh talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and okay like you know you know also Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a um you know you know well cebit my house. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I okay okay so okay mentioned the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something okay I mean okay you know going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or okay um well I mean not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever you know okay so so couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, I mean uh uh so you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of well well I mean okay me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit of well okay uh I mean how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about anchor it's I mean so you know uh free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a lot I mean so well okay of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh I mean okay like phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free anchor okay uh I mean I mean up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out well well um uh. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to well okay you know uh sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with so uh like uh people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you well um so okay have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website you know so like I mean at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you how many uh I mean well you know of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I you know I mean you know well see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? like you know uh you know Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so well like so okay that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to like you know um like destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce like so well okay you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already okay so um so know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it you know like I mean uh going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention I mean you know so so McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank I mean so uh I mean. It's all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back so um so you know to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had I mean okay you know you know really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All I mean well uh so right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick you know well well I mean about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to so I mean uh I mean make a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing so uh I mean uh you here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind well uh like so of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really so you know well um know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school okay um you know you know with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I you know well uh like consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle so I mean okay you know. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the well I mean like I mean ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if um I mean well you know you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported okay um you know you know that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in I mean uh well okay the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly okay uh uh well going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced I mean well um like as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was I mean uh okay well filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to okay like I mean like be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would okay you know okay like have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation uh well um well unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's uh I mean um like all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare um like uh so Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this uh well I mean you know channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight like well okay I mean at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's so okay so um just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music uh so um I mean is a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm well like uh um. I have never met a lot of the three babies we have he is you know okay so okay the one he is the one that loves music so much he will walk by so you know um I mean the what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick so you know like okay him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He like well um okay loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he okay I mean so I mean will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I uh well I mean you know was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how okay I mean like so we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you know you know I mean I mean you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open okay uh uh I mean. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling in uh so like okay because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we have a uh uh you know uh restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're well um you know like here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top um like you know well to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer um well I mean well he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and okay well well so hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start so um you know okay off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my I mean I mean uh uh first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this like well okay well one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and well I mean you know well I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could um uh so um just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat okay uh like like with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna okay so like I mean. Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me uh um um you know about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to uh you know okay well introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's a I mean so you know I mean delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just um okay okay well thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just um uh um you know raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category um so I mean you know. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading you know you know okay well faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James you know well like so and Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or I mean um okay uh not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if you know so well okay it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that well well like so in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with uh like I mean you know your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover okay you know I mean uh more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion you know well um you know New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of well um you know okay the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In okay well I mean um other shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope I mean I mean okay you know you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality like so so well in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't um um like like have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses like well so like. If you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close I mean I mean okay okay up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to like so uh okay revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results well I mean okay so ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from um well okay so the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH you know I mean okay well with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings okay you know okay you know. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm I mean so I mean you know going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence so um uh well. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going okay well I mean uh to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some so uh like you know might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode I mean so so okay contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people well okay okay well may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly um like well so was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The whole you know like you know you know thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was okay well so well the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa uh um well I mean you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage so okay uh you know client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is um you know like uh not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is you know I mean uh well the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know well okay I mean so what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more that you know so I mean you know makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a uh you know um um special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at like okay so like my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a so you know okay I mean podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in so so so um the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's well um I mean so called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue um I mean um uh by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as okay you know you know well our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, like uh um okay but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope like uh I mean I mean we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible uh uh um okay but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope uh okay well I mean first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you uh so uh um haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let uh you know so uh me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to you know uh like I mean do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right like you know you know so from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will I mean uh uh uh distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts like uh you know okay. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no um uh I mean like minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And you know like uh so this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I like so well like prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your so okay well like relationship with God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't um I mean so well go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it uh so like uh here. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just well so okay like quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series you know well um uh next time next Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got uh uh well you know to teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience well so so like. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really you know I mean uh uh really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the you know like um well first of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the so uh like I mean Lord you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month well I mean so so and you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you you know you know so uh are able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with like so well you know last month and you can make a difference and I want you to see well so I mean well that as something Really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes so you know um so we just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to I mean uh I mean um find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am like um like okay. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll okay uh like like Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this um you know um I mean week? We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah I mean um um okay for the good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's um uh um so and say, you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So so um like well first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson so I mean so so and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of okay like so like 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a uh okay uh okay Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true crime history like like okay you know in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the headline-making Zodiac I mean well like um murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their way to like okay so um the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're uh I mean okay like looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast uh I mean well okay. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the like so okay I mean things that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I mean um I mean well I am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those I mean I mean so you know things is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get well so um well the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the well um I mean uh things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting like I mean you know you know their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency well I mean okay so created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here um I mean well so in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the so you know like well Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn from uh I mean um um stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing unless okay okay well well absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host you know so like so Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe like like uh you know Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with uh like well like age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said well I mean you know so that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have I mean well like I mean been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the like like you know um name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called a mind so so so you know all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth is that um like uh like before the world was created God already had you and I in mind each uh you know like uh with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other person well like I mean um can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only we uh uh well well can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and his like uh I mean well spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US well okay I mean I mean eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce so um well okay to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that we like well like you know had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it a reality now okay like I mean you know. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we are welcome uh okay uh I mean to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of just well okay I mean I mean want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start this um okay you know okay podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and kind well so I mean okay of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction okay well so well to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm so without further you know you know well so Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard I mean you know okay I mean. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I think you I mean well you know you know guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house Nick so like you know uh how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So well like so like I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good. Now you like I mean uh so called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results of you know well you know um the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival okay so okay well selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 okay um so okay action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got um you know well you know itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home like I mean I mean like at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and okay well I mean um seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for um you know so you know he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by you know well uh like Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and like well um okay so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much um like okay so myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if I was well uh um well going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the uh so well you know TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I uh I mean well I mean apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the okay um well like after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having so so well um an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up uh you know like okay. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast so well like like of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie um okay uh so deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't so well well uh know how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I okay you know okay okay was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press well well you know so the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for well you know um um the past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record um like so uh that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't so I mean uh okay figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let um uh so like me give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're uh okay um like wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because uh um I mean you know I in no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of like like uh so people and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would like okay I mean uh put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to so you know I mean like figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like um I mean you know okay everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta like uh um well tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told like you know so you know the devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is um okay um so the head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free like like okay um from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy um uh uh okay cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch you know well well you know me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right you know so so like standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace you know like okay like of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he well well uh so that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I well uh well um have put up the old and put on the new I have been so uh uh so given and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall well uh okay well supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the um um uh well shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not um I mean okay um be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because we're going okay like you know well to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more than you know well I mean I mean one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals. Like okay um well uh how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm I mean like so like excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar I mean like okay okay Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, okay uh uh so I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to um like so like tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's well well you know I mean Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial so you know okay uh the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today uh uh um um and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the 1951 okay you know so so Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were you know okay I mean uh considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime um so um so of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast okay uh well um is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do okay like I mean you know a few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior so I mean you know you know. I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote like uh um okay episodes to answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the um so um like podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a so I mean you know you know question by leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question uh like okay okay a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for I mean I mean like I mean more you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger um well um I mean product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy you know like okay okay habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm I mean okay well well Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much so so like like lower than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think so okay well like they have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess you know uh well uh who's copying their competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a you know okay okay okay Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing well well uh um. So you've done what a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your I mean well um uh reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook okay okay um like and everything is within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly well okay well okay starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything from uh um you know well Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you okay uh um uh can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is I mean so uh so brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure okay uh so well out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give you well well so okay everything you need in one place for free and you can use it from so so okay like your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like um you know uh so about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh you know I mean like your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere I mean like um uh and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast you know like I mean you know with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try uh um like you know and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against like so well okay children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The like so so okay Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth um um so you know about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and uh I mean you know okay lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC um so so you know gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child uh okay uh like named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed um like well you know in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on um you know uh well which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you well so so well. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much like like uh you know better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train so uh okay uh legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I uh well uh like didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're so okay like so one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah I mean so well so. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon like so uh okay as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but um okay uh like I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's I mean like so like going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good you know well I mean like start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody well uh I mean I mean our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And uh well uh like we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's you know you know I mean okay your what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? so um uh okay I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day okay you know so you know at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the I mean uh okay like legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday well you know okay well you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star uh you know so you know. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and uh okay um well True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener so okay I mean like discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering uh you know you know okay the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating okay well well so inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time like so you know I mean what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you know I mean uh um you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do like I mean I mean um celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up I mean okay so okay. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I like so okay well was just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep well so so so transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown you know like well I mean and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's well okay you know I mean the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of South Carolina amongst um okay so well a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some of those so uh I mean um other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess but like uh so so I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your okay you know okay um host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to like well I mean I mean go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in um okay so um Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team you know well uh um calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit uh um okay um about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a okay so you know you know podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and well um uh uh edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your so well like uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many um you know like like more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything uh um okay like you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or uh like like um go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the well you know I mean okay game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of well well I mean uh the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber well um you know um. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's like you know um okay decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back um well okay you know to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in uh well you know well Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution um uh uh I mean is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger so um okay I mean Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge you know okay um I mean above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was you know well you know you know obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an I mean um I mean um effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the I mean like uh um Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly um you know I mean so cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and um so uh so understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but okay okay I mean well Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of so like okay I mean the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests um like I mean so and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the well you know um um management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on like like you know uh but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, I mean I mean like okay Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to you know okay you know you know say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that so uh uh so mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has I mean okay so you know simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing uh okay like um. They do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets well okay like well you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are um so well well you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus well okay okay so after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day so you know like I mean he gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with you know okay I mean uh God to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to okay okay um so be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon I mean I mean like so Peter comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you uh well you know um and Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need so so um like to go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack like I mean you know so. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it you know well I mean well by being with God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking about um uh well I mean programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for the session you know you know like um. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term like well uh well. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in I mean well uh uh automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more well like um like effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology you know you know well like platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years so well uh you know American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do you know like you know okay you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave uh like um um bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody okay so okay so. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my so um uh like best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We I mean okay I mean uh have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know ten like okay well uh minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian um okay like you know guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you know critical like um I mean uh thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all sorts of you know okay so so contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an article go. Hmm But so okay well well is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to say I mean um okay I mean Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically well um like so about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the okay you know well okay history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I well okay like like mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey okay so like so on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a well well um well number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the you know uh well well 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys um like I mean so for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone um well okay okay Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I um well so so look over this list to see what's coming up and I get excited you know okay okay um because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real um uh so okay soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo I mean so like so pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey well uh so so balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me um um um okay if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last so you know well so week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra so okay uh like podcast with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly okay I mean uh I mean. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very you know so you know okay well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting well you know I mean okay down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one okay well um okay of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The okay you know I mean like excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails well um um um exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our uh so like you know March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July okay well I mean okay 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded well uh uh so and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart like uh well um attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the I mean I mean okay well division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division you know I mean okay okay stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on I mean I mean so well diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of like you know you know okay the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over uh you know okay I mean the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even well like like uh if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related to um so so so a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it um uh you know uh It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in the aspiring okay I mean okay well painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits you know um like like places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you a I mean well uh you know habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are um you know okay uh discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to um um like well get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our names like uh like okay and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My like so you know I mean name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old uh I mean I mean you know Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees okay I mean um like like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a um I mean you know okay lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 I mean I mean um uh 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender so I mean um I mean. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify so you know like uh original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders you know I mean like uh by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from um so um well Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, uh well well like but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always so um so you know this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any well um I mean well condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please you know well so I mean seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to okay um you know you know your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live I mean so like well in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv so I mean so um top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after so uh you know I mean Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and um I mean uh like I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we um okay um you know There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question for well okay okay okay us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing has actually like you know okay uh hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho well you know um I mean Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here today you know you know I mean you know on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation and well well you know like you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation uh you know you know like and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment um you know uh well and I thought This has been a really great topic for us so uh I mean okay to speak about and so my question for you just to get right into it so so okay I mean because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question like so like well for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let you know you know uh well you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast well like uh I mean. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There are I mean um well well creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone okay so well uh or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be like like uh I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make well you know like okay money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a okay you know okay so podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and so you know uh you know Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? um um okay um It's a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important well um so I mean reason. Yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother um like like um listen to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good so you know like okay. That's good. So we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we okay okay like you know get into Addresses when I get this out of the way a quick plug well like uh uh or big plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we okay um like uh want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the I mean you know um so Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would so uh okay so like to hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and you know okay so uh guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end well uh I mean um of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just has well like so uh to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be uh like um like legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing like well you know you know it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so I mean well you know um taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and uh you know um um also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled or you know so okay well to have a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps disables us um uh like uh more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which might seem okay well you know um like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and how so well okay um the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to well okay well so those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It um uh uh so was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation okay I mean uh um. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a I mean I mean um um comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells okay uh okay well vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on like you know well uh the outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester you know so I mean um a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within so uh I mean okay a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every like like uh like living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy um uh um uh if blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, you know I mean well um which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through okay well so so the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose uh uh so like if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin like uh so um into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert you know uh you know you know the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble so you know uh well and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas so well okay uh detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different I mean so uh you know episode today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on you know okay I mean so Divani on his total Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and so well I mean um cave-ins super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin you know so um like a lot of great people on a show really interesting format and I mean well okay um had a great conversation with them. So I thought I'd share with you guys you know you know okay well here as well just to note the first half there was I think we had some um well so like bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not you know you know well so too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total well you know I mean uh Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of uh uh like like March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in like like I mean so the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate okay well so I mean cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting okay uh uh I mean a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations um okay uh uh and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks like you know um you know quickly passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 well I mean so so seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit you know uh um well. It seems they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting um so I mean I mean interest rates by 50 basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a okay you know okay um Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret um um you know okay today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene so okay so I mean stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the um um you know okay mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments like okay so okay participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I well so uh so guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on like you know so like my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie well okay I mean well sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not I mean well you know uh reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this well uh you know so podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then okay like uh um he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host uh so so um Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to you know uh uh so talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi you know um you know uh State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did like well like like and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big early you know uh like like and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and like like um you know then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, so well like you know they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of so okay like um the time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt I mean um um so comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot um so uh I mean of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions so uh well uh of adult subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not um so you know well be suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child well so uh uh make up something about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience you know like okay I mean unless it's happened to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984 so um so like. It was made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child uh you know you know okay abuse and this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists I mean um well you know doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent you know um okay well Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has okay you know you know so been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor like okay I mean I mean Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and finally I mean um well well Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued well so so um at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right can't complain. You're so you know so so good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you got um like I mean you know a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got um um um um three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie okay uh um so and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to uh okay uh okay call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and so okay um okay we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will you know um okay um also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali you know you know you know um A's and this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little um like um like bit Bolder just like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve um you know uh um Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old like I mean uh like Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out uh um like so of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering you know I mean so um the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 uh uh I mean okay year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to so well well well a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name is so well um okay Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we like uh like like run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets well like okay um of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us like uh um I mean have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every you know uh well uh Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us like well okay uh so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you you know uh um so the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling so well you know I mean the first story? I will start with my first two because these are the well okay you know so these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called well well okay well three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys uh well okay um and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether through like I mean uh like infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is uh well okay you know Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day um okay you know I mean. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend that's going through um well so well infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your way or I'll get well I mean okay I mean some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And I mean well so you know this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in I mean um like like mind. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you uh like um so were born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if I mean well so uh you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a um I mean okay like wealth of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way I mean okay uh you know to put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm joined like uh okay um by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys um um well um of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All um well okay well right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all well like um okay know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager uh like like uh in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy you know okay uh like sidekick on or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah uh uh like um goal all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's like okay I mean well about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing so like like um on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles okay okay so well around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story you know uh you know I mean of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers I mean um I mean um be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up well okay okay so in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked on a farm helping so like uh um to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but like you know like you know Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher you know well so I mean brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou well okay well um shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle well like well like nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the um um you know uh Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them I mean you know so like as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also like okay okay like thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not done uh like well okay. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it well uh okay you know be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where I mean so well um the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb you know okay like you know to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict so um okay okay in irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the okay you know uh okay prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He I mean you know okay I mean is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda okay okay okay you know. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about the like I mean I mean well plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband I mean you know you know so turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr okay like I mean like. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say um um okay I mean that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with I mean uh well like the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I like um I mean so wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I okay um you know well wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl well okay you know okay. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, well okay uh uh hey they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You okay okay um um guys have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last you know uh uh okay year. So a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure um so uh like but I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi um you know you know I mean everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr like you know well like. Munsch. Hey everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move like like you know uh dirt that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin so so you know um Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode uh uh like okay of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I well like uh I mean might have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is well well well uh Sean Stephenson. That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here okay uh okay okay. And we're back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal so you know I mean um you around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo so like like um little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob uh um um uh Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want you know you know um uh to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We well you know I mean okay actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were um so uh uh like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and okay like I mean I mean we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and well like okay okay people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the uh so so well first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where okay okay well well he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so far so I mean so you know if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here okay I mean uh I mean to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the you know I mean so um easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools so you know like so that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer uh you know like like. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple okay you know um um. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's uh you know uh so everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor well um uh okay app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I so like like like wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible you know like I mean okay to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having you know um so uh a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each okay like um I mean episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet like so I mean you know a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different well I mean uh um software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to like uh uh like record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or I mean okay I mean okay cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money so like like uh with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better uh uh like you know be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic okay like I mean I mean. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin so well you know okay eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah uh okay well uh. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where are like well um so you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if I mean you know like like you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode um I mean I mean like 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm uh um so um just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all so like well like of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and today's so so like I mean subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You uh uh like like can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait I mean I mean you know okay to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to so so uh so episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started so um okay well real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built well so um you know plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more like like like um fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to uh well uh so thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you I mean like so you know enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast okay well you know you know. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay okay like you know right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So uh you know you know uh you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you so um like um can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a um so uh like successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at so so okay okay every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the so uh well so value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club. I uh I mean I mean you know spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times um well well well every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is so well you know you know your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money well you know like so management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this um so like well episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch uh like okay uh of things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio uh uh so you know update episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk so um okay so about We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its so okay like um seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed like you know um so in this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the I mean okay okay so opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as well you know okay well a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a I mean I mean you know like mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said um okay so like that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going I mean so uh like to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us okay okay okay I mean. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe uh okay so okay that there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit okay like like you know further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we I mean you know well uh can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about well um so you know this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be like okay well um disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life uh you know um well. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild like uh you know you know into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series I mean so like you know is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal okay uh you know so Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see I mean so like uh you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with uh so okay like him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 uh I mean like uh verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried you know okay like well and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against uh I mean um like Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys I mean you know um um know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about okay well you know like anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's so like so like free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right so so uh I mean from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as uh I mean okay you know we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be like uh okay um heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with well okay well um no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast like okay uh you know in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh I mean well so get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat okay uh okay uh for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good so well you know so old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the I mean so um I mean ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little okay you know um so bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi you know okay like like and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host like like well uh Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner I mean uh so well as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there like uh um I mean done that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I well so well um haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms okay I mean okay I mean like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a um so so well way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone well uh I mean okay always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their okay I mean um well taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why like uh so um didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called I mean okay uh um basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and so you know okay well subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you you know I mean well uh add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how um okay I mean okay to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed like you know okay um to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you so so um I mean were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you so uh like um can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in I mean like well okay school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may okay you know like you know find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden frame well you know I mean I mean of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and echoed I mean well okay I mean into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with her like well okay I mean 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she was I mean like uh uh a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched on in horror okay uh well uh from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this labor was so well well so unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby you know uh like like. The world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his like so uh I mean mother since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny well you know um well story right last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom like like like I mean asked me a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly okay so okay I mean a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast uh okay so okay bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 okay so well I mean a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all like you know like like neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a well well um you know lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season well uh you know you know I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to you know I mean I mean so do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had a um uh like like thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning um I mean like I mean on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message I mean uh like okay me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision okay like like um. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to like um okay well get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not so I mean like like ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode well uh uh well 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last time like okay uh I mean. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching so okay like I mean out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, well okay uh I mean I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an okay you know okay you know artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot I mean I mean uh so. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also well so um you know delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards you know you know you know so podcast video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First so um like like off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World I mean um well well. It has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot okay okay you know um of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have well okay um well gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I you know like uh I mean think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca okay well um I mean don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, I mean like okay okay this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500 um okay okay uh. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm okay well so I mean your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now okay well like okay dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we uh like okay uh have g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he um okay um I mean got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast I mean so uh like with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until okay okay like like eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey okay so well so. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at I mean you know um well Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes um uh well um listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank well like uh well our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a um so so you know podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation well so uh okay tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes like well you know I mean it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify I mean um like well Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no uh so like so minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in well so okay uh one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get like um you know um started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just so okay so uh want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love I mean so okay well. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic okay so so um. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking like okay so I mean like what in the world does not even know like what is my I mean well uh you know insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I so uh like well feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which is so um um you know like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for you know okay you know I mean the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm well um um I mean your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is you know I mean well you know sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast like like like you know. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting uh like you know like. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you uh so okay like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also I mean I mean well um distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and well okay like okay many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in uh um um um one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to uh I mean you know well get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going okay like you know you know through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to like I mean okay like be laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your you know um um well sides. You can also do this in a seated position. If you are well well okay um sitting you want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a so like uh so wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in well so uh like a chair have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees well well well well. So once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, okay well uh uh I want you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top now so um you know um let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after like okay um like show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of okay you know so you know War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and we so well uh I mean have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I am joined by I mean you know um okay two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up guys and you know you know uh so to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket with I mean okay um um yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom you know so like um. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle um you know I mean you know right guys, what did you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there like like um uh was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm. Amen well um like like. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today you get the uh like I mean like pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great. I just want you know you know I mean I mean to let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary people I've you know like you know uh ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with anything. I okay well I mean I mean am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one. Love you know like uh um language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because you know you know so you know full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section and this is gonna like like well like be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real here on you know um well you know trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real like so well I mean quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you like so so so that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you always had you know okay okay so live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew so you know so um had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are uh um so so excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to you know okay like uh clarify what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages okay okay okay um So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are um I mean you know okay and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you uh um like um guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform okay like so okay you're listening that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well um I mean so okay. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are I mean uh um I mean you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's you know well uh you know been it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, well um um I mean and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we like uh so you know did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but you know okay you know so this little Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests okay you know you know you know on a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of like um um okay the way that you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, um I mean so so we're recording the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record so okay so uh the intro this this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So you know okay well uh it just the way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this um well uh I mean last step the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting um so like okay service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to Distributing well I mean like you know your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've okay well I mean uh got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They have editing tools baked uh um like uh right into the website makes life so much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was okay um I mean you know an entire to do you had to know how to record it where uh you know like I mean to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I I mean like uh um mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so so I mean okay um that you can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F okay like like okay m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster you know um you know okay Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you okay you know okay you know could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the okay uh you know uh inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short favor. If you know uh uh I mean you're interested in either of the two books that I have written and I'm about to you know I mean you know you know release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books there. You you know I mean okay okay can learn about both books one of which is free and you can get um like uh so on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how you can okay uh you know like get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, like uh well okay dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode uh like well like 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a hundred. I'm trying to I mean I mean like uh arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's well like you know okay going to work out but I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in a okay so like okay couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is fun um like well I mean to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's you know like okay you know your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun well um like I mean to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer um um okay I mean Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode like I mean um I mean. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been uh I mean um uh a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we recorded so um like so so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice um like you know um little break in between and now we have to catch up and record so well uh you know one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though well uh um I mean. I love this show. I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in you know um you know well the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, well like you know okay I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming well so so okay in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in session um I mean okay you know and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode two I mean I mean so like dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on Student uh so so I mean Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week to so okay I mean you know chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to so um like so introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm um like uh uh from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec well you know uh like board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions well um so you know coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from I mean well like well Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend uh like I mean uh and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock uh like uh well Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard for um like well like me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It has become um um um you know grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined you know so like okay from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go I mean um like you know any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of well uh uh okay our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your okay so so I mean personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also is so like okay uh our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is the uh um so well founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity like well well I mean is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage like I mean so um and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in okay okay like okay the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission so okay so uh promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises like well well I mean only when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at you know uh I mean I mean Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something uh um well like will certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised okay I mean okay uh. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that so well you know okay I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little well so um so bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It is difficult well like okay um to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards like like um um the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following so like you know okay it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the um uh well uh disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus I mean okay so so came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said uh like um um this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom okay okay like uh of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to um uh like well gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime but um um like I mean a little bit of a better return to what we used to last number you know like okay like of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn around I mean okay well so We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom I mean well okay you know from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of you know um uh okay philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this um um uh um reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief got like um so okay consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working like you know so um of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is okay okay okay I mean contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to you know like okay you know do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability like you know well like to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a okay um well well body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our I mean like um like guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will well well you know um also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help people so so uh I mean in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this okay so so I mean week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't okay uh okay I mean watch the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do okay um okay so with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened like um I mean um to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is okay uh well well Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me uh you know okay um and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were um uh so um up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested um well I mean so in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water like you know um like everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets I mean um uh so a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a I mean so like you know very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with um so um okay down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session okay you know um so of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee um okay you know I mean first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where I mean like like well we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday um you know I mean you know and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this you know like you know you know little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in um you know uh I mean Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of um you know uh you know your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to um you know um I mean hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please note I mean like I mean well that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided in well um um like this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the degroote well um like I mean School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by you know so uh you know the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk I mean uh I mean okay to you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's I mean so so um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first I mean um I mean okay of all, it's because it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow okay like I mean I mean you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your like um okay uh computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify I mean like I mean well Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from um well well uh your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make uh um I mean okay a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or I mean well um uh check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you okay like uh um right there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or I mean okay like you know whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where well so okay uh you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you you know um so so do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter podcast I mean so you know so. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name Charles and I'm uh um so uh Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this time with added like okay you know um alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 of I mean I mean um so Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this moment um you know so well in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you um so I mean like should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can drink um okay you know like it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is well like like so Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed I mean so uh uh the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love uh I mean so okay and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time. So okay so like you know we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part um so you know I mean 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little bit you know so so so more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting well well well I mean more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and like well I mean you know we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? so I mean okay okay Oh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I well uh I mean okay don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara I mean I mean okay so and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know like like well um mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of like okay like like Jack's favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive I mean you know like well in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This well um you know I mean is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our well uh um like listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the like okay um well pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the okay um you know okay likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch you know well uh I mean sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the you know I mean um uh founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could you know I mean uh I mean turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when okay so you know so all you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from uh okay uh well gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner so I mean um uh Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with me okay okay I mean you know as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and seems well I mean so well to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you back here well you know uh uh Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to get a win uh you know okay uh so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad okay you know so like to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses. But like well so okay today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host of walked like okay I mean um on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level and he he's like so like uh someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and it's well okay uh well very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering SEC so like okay well basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you you know like like I mean guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo yo so so well I mean yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been very I mean like uh well interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one okay so okay so can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like uh you know you know uh Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind well uh like okay of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I you know well um well also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it does um well okay like the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like so uh uh okay I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your so so well well host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and um like uh like to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory like you know you know okay verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and so uh well uh greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud um um okay you know voice let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view like like so I mean the invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for I mean you know like well Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and like well okay um he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep okay so like like thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going like so you know like to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to I mean okay um well listen. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going um uh um I mean to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this I mean well so you know half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless you know like well like plug but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need well um I mean okay to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different uh uh um um storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know like uh well um what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you you know you know like okay about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is like I mean you know um the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation like uh okay I mean tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay well um like or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay okay well okay. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more well you know I mean okay. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If I mean uh uh I mean we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright uh I mean so uh now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back like so um so to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy um like like you know to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they like you know okay uh say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least so like uh okay it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music Joe uh well I mean uh. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the um I mean uh okay music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in well so so well the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and so I mean well okay then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest like uh like so today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now um uh okay uh should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me so so like okay explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right like like well like from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be like like you know you know heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your I mean like you know like podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in uh I mean well I mean one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now this well so uh uh Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back you know well I mean okay to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you okay I mean okay um all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back you know well okay okay. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be so uh uh like back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far so so well um and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far uh okay well um as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd okay so uh uh like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions that there so uh okay I mean that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you you know you know like so. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy okay um I mean um. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with um like uh I mean great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless efforts of um um you know like prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic um like okay okay plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the okay you know so like problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't well like I mean well really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, so well like okay it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike like you know um you know I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay uh so you know uh. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to like like uh uh fucking kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that well okay I mean well died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove so well I mean um the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket you know so uh okay. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of so well okay you know it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could uh um well well have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking okay I mean okay I mean idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had I mean so I mean like girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he you know okay uh uh do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? um like I mean like Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything you know um like you know else had girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially okay like um I mean when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in I mean I mean like um three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways you know well so I mean of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing uh like well uh the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down you know uh so um. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you well like like so know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy of I mean I mean I mean so his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you um I mean well I mean for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send uh well okay you know your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again you know okay uh okay at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the one well you know so you know of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in so uh you know okay our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's um uh well well a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last I mean you know like like week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right so you know you know uh in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're well well so you know going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7 so like you know like. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two uh well well okay very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and we're so uh I mean okay all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is like I mean uh um what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have uh uh like okay different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything that well um like so like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go like you know um I mean ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter My um you know I mean okay Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is okay I mean um well Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't like so so like know why I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, like uh like uh but I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in I mean well so I mean season one, we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote uh okay okay like misbehaving which is sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of so okay I mean I mean them did murder people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men so I mean so so complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I got I got I got I got I got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true so true so true so true so true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it so it so it so it so it made sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would graf would graf would graf would graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is celes is celes is celes is celes is career for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th april 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to pardon my snark the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and and and and and and and and and today we are shifting a little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I think I think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We feed we feed we feed we feed we feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we remember we remember we remember we remember we must share everything together. Ladies and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at odium at odium at odium at odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to be funny. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going back and forth. I'm trying to think of topics. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was it was it was it was it was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler alone angler alone angler alone angler alone angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed it bombed it bombed it bombed it bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that it's completely free. There's these there's these there's these there's these there's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going from said, bitch. That bitch that bitch that bitch that bitch that bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through and learn things over again. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the world is because you kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just it's just it's just it's just it's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single asingle asingle asingle asingle sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been told I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make so make so make so make so make sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast. This is this is this is this is this is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to talk about giving up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, they may look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where now where now where now where now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you want to tell some stories. You want you want you want you want you want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You can record on the go. Some of some of some of some of some of you you travel for work and you travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got you've got you've got you've got you've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have we have we have we have we have the story of two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the the it was still funny. I got I got I got I got I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March 2nd 2020. The optional the optional the optional the optional the optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to chase again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he rushed past the Windows. He heard he heard he heard he heard he heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped he stopped he stopped he stopped he stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a prophecy. He'd heard he'd heard he'd heard he'd heard he'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying we're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me explain guys. So it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well no, well no, well no, well no, well that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show. Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization avisualization avisualization avisualization avisualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find your most comfortable space. Take a take a take a take a take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel to feel to feel to feel to feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get I get I get I get I get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like to take this opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey. It's become it's become it's become it's become it's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that and that and that and that and that is Leticia stop who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie when Marnie when Marnie when Marnie when Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got it's got it's got it's got it's got creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last the last the last the last the last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I've like I've like I've like I've like I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may I may I may I may I may have shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name my name my name my name my name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to me? So we so we so we so we so we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and experiences and experiences and experiences and experiences and in specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think I think I think I think I think he's okay. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened this happened this happened this happened this happened just this morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me let me let me let me let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I resign I resign I resign I resign I'm Noah also known as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long how long how long how long how long was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love I love I love I love I love this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to coming to coming to coming to coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the U s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like we blinked all of a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is how is how is how is how is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was I was I was I was I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is this is this is this is this is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were we were we were we were we were one minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll say this till till I die. You only you only you only you only you only have the next breath. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient. Timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm pretty energized right now. Just got just got just got just got just got off the back of doing some live training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about a month since my last episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My friends my friends my friends my friends my friends and family smile is working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got I got I got I got I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we did we did we did we did we just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort done done. Don't want don't want don't want don't want don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is it is it is it is it is 100% free. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just I just I just I just I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's it's what's it's what's it's what's it's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think I think I think I think I think my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people some people some people some people some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said it's said it's said it's said it's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas. He is he is he is he is he is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was he was he was he was he was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left I left I left I left I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's and it's and it's and it's and it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the senior at st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we do it. But I but I but I but I but I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain you complain you complain you complain you complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, right? You know you know you know you know you know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have why have why have why have why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to talk about this movie. But this but this but this but this but this is a effin great. This was like wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can you can you can you can you can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if so if so if so if so if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I love free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download so download so download so download so download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and moans and moans and moans and moans and groans the sounds of making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate your support. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love right love right love right love right love it before we jump into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be warned. This is this is this is this is this is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were we were we were we were we were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing scenes 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want we want we want we want we want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet along with us. You can you can you can you can you can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it. It's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone your phone your phone your phone your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do what do what do what do what do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, okay again, okay again, okay again, okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos I'm Carlos I'm Carlos I'm Carlos I'm Carlos and I play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so this will be fun. It might it might it might it might it might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself make yourself make yourself make yourself make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the and the and the and the and the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually happening here. So you so you so you so you so you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather hyah, Heather hyah, Heather hyah, Heather hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age. I don't need me. I am I am I am I am I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's health and wellness. It's two it's two it's two it's two it's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really it's really it's really it's really it's really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just it's just it's just it's just it's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this so this so this so this so this is our first in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is Adam. I am your host. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on so on so on so on so on this episode, I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right all right all right all right all right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I show I show I show I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know I know I know I know I know you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials change jobs after one year one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a walk a walk a walk a walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is this is this is this is this is important information that I want all of you to have. It's going it's going it's going it's going it's going to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So we've so we've so we've so we've so we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if and if and if and if and if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and medical intervention. So, please so, please so, please so, please so, please seek out those sources of support if you need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited about this new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the into the into the into the into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been he'd been he'd been he'd been he'd been following them day and night. He was filthy hungry. And for and for and for and for and for the first time in his life alone. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better you better you better you better you better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show. Yes. It's no it's no it's no it's no it's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on their projects. They sit they sit they sit they sit they sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is this is this is this is this is your One Stop Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason mr. Jason mr. Jason mr. Jason mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet maybe meet maybe meet maybe meet maybe meet somebody new this week next week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do what do what do what do what do you want from me? But his captors didn't reply. They simply they simply they simply they simply they simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have how have how have how have how have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we then we then we then we then we had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the now the now the now the now the Lord gives this to us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally so literally so literally so literally so literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is it is it is it is it is a platform that speaking of which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is today is today is today is today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So you so you so you so you so you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? There? It is it is it is it is it is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then and then and then and then and then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is he is he is he is he is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? It's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina it's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him tell him tell him tell him tell him who you are. Like, what do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why that's why that's why that's why that's why I brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm told I'm told I'm told I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was it was it was it was it was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head on over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we also, we also, we also, we also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but now but now but now but now but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are you are you are you are you are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has everybody has a dream life. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast the podcast the podcast the podcast the podcast for mindful people on the go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've well, I've well, I've well, I've well, I've never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back guys and Daddy love having you here. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of any number two. And before and before and before and before and before we get going we want to give a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies. They are they are they are they are they are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have been through multiple exits others. This is this is this is this is this is a first-time kind of thing, but they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking I'm looking I'm looking I'm looking I'm looking through website. She just she just she just she just she just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard whose hard whose hard whose hard whose hard work helped black women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was I was I was I was I was about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are y'all are y'all are y'all are y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once and once and once and once and once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I so I so I so I so I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about our community. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get any further for now. I'll just I'll just I'll just I'll just I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we so we so we so we so we thought this would be you know, the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the show. Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score last night. No, I'm no, I'm no, I'm no, I'm no, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold I sold I sold I sold I sold one of them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly. We love we love we love we love we love bringing you awesome content just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys are tuned into in the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So bear so bear so bear so bear so bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? Everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. It gives it gives it gives it gives it gives you everything you need in one place for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can you can you can you can you can talk about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download so download so download so download so download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an image. It's an it's an it's an it's an it's an idea that people have and we're going to look into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the inside the inside the inside the inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam Kaplan Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough free agency. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously so obviously so obviously so obviously so obviously we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment this segment this segment this segment this segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film 80s film 80s film 80s film 80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of and of and of and of and of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and carrie and carrie and carrie and carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in but in but in but in but in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close to my heart. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank so thank so thank so thank so thank you to everyone today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my episodes. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning you right now. It's only going through the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. It works it works it works it works it works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on here. Thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate please rate please rate please rate please rate and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have I have I have I have I have interns who do that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy just shy just shy just shy just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed away. He was he was he was he was he was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I would I would I would I would I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is this is this is this is this is the first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give I'll give I'll give I'll give I'll give you a little update on the John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States. We have we have we have we have we have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that is that is that is that is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not going to say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am I am I am I am I am not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not let's not let's not let's not let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most so most so most so most so most people in England lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the now the now the now the now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and brains. So this so this so this so this so this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's kind of cool. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon right afternoon right afternoon right afternoon right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been we've been we've been we've been we've been a bit delayed in having the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll so we'll so we'll so we'll so we'll just go as we always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is this is this is this is this is she'll be your host and each week. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name my name my name my name my name is Dori. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, and I'm Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how it's how it's how it's how it's how this podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free. You can you can you can you can you can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You can you can you can you can you can make money from your podcast. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since and since and since and since and since it was the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like Gap with me. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like boundaries. So my so my so my so my so my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm not true. Dentist all dentist all dentist all dentist all dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came she came she came she came she came visiting for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's but there's but there's but there's but there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily. We haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't we haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I am I am I am I am I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today and today and today and today and today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be but it was there. We took the we just say major so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her illustration series follow the trees. This is this is this is this is this is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever so wherever so wherever so wherever so wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to help you fall asleep. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get and get and get and get and get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came up with this list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I but I but I but I but I love friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is that is that is that is that is a spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's yo, it's yo, it's yo, it's yo, it's your boy. I would I would I would I would I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was he was he was he was he was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an Gordon here with your day. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people some people some people some people some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens nobody listens nobody listens nobody listens nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes everybody likes everybody likes everybody likes everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if so if so if so if so if like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and kidnap and kidnap and kidnap and kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on today on today on today on today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so and so and so and so and so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all about her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck and Trung knee. A long along along along along long time ago the Trung sisters were born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello. We're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long as it was productive. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that matters. Come on, the love that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys so guys so guys so guys so guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports now Sports now Sports now Sports now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says she says she says she says she says that she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First. The NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL the NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is this is this is this is this is the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before we went live here. They've apparently they've apparently they've apparently they've apparently they've apparently used this puck in a couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've given they've given they've given they've given they've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download so download so download so download so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone tablet or computer. They're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it so it so it so it so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download so download so download so download so download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring yes, bring yes, bring yes, bring yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just and just and just and just and just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of some of some of some of some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field but also off the field as well. So without so without so without so without so without further Ado, here's my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did I did I did I did I did with Micah same thing. I did I did I did I did I did with John. So I so I so I so I so I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you have you have you have you have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait can't wait can't wait can't wait can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and peace and peace and peace and peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap. He is he is he is he is he is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I no, I no, I no, I no, I think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk we talk we talk we talk we talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is yes, is yes, is yes, is yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are these are these are these are these are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me let me let me let me let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The virus the virus the virus the virus the virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free. Its creation its creation its creation its creation its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name my name my name my name my name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of the co-hosts cam and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything and YG. You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome you're welcome to episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this and this and this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic Deanna who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until but until but until but until but until she gets here it is just yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise hey exercise hey exercise hey exercise hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am I am I am I am I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am I am I am I am I am so excited for you to be here. If you if you if you if you if you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please and please and please and please and please check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got we got we got we got we got the GDP data for the December quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, hey mamas, hey mamas, hey mamas, hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the we're the we're the we're the we're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely we're completely we're completely we're completely we're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always you're always you're always you're always you're always welcome to come to the light. So today so today so today so today so today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's like what's like what's like what's like what's the muscle that you're trying to build in your meditation? Is it is it is it is it is it that you want to be more present is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well books well books well books well books well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to share with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell we tell we tell we tell we tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you think you think you think you think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know you know you know you know you know what it is. You know how we do first. I want I want I want I want I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is alien is alien is alien is alien is welcome back to our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a in a in a in a in a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is this is this is this is this is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going you're going you're going you're going you're going to hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we so we so we so we so we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure make sure make sure make sure make sure you follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect reality aspect reality aspect reality aspect reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream I dream I dream I dream I dream of you to wake would that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I so I so I so I so I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were what were what were what were what were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. We encourage we encourage we encourage we encourage we encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for podcasting. Well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so flipping easy. Love it. And what and what and what and what and what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you do you do you do you do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and how most of you need to break out of the mold. So make so make so make so make so make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1. So remember so remember so remember so remember so remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really I really I really I really I really actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit please hit please hit please hit please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so and so and so and so and so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means that means that means that means that means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not do not do not do not do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he oh, he oh, he oh, he oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked. Well tahina, well tahina, well tahina, well tahina, well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year. So To so To so To so To so To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is this is this is this is this is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can you can you can you can you can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you do you do you do you do you want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday morning. So at so at so at so at so at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I and I and I and I and I know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were they were they were they were they were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some quite some quite some quite some quite some time ago. I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside podcast. I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring we're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected we've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's he's got an incredible story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having he's having he's having he's having he's having his location just a block away for over four years going it to the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing we're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed leBron showed leBron showed leBron showed leBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep we keep we keep we keep we keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice hmm Ice hmm Ice hmm Ice hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do how do how do how do how do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is it is it is it is it is called anchor this is the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird listen weird listen weird listen weird listen weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together. And so and so and so and so and so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what now what now what now what now what she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll guess I'll guess I'll guess I'll guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them I'm them and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want I want I want I want I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man but man but man but man but man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You inspires you inspires you inspires you inspires you inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are as a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I if I if I if I if I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this so this so this so this so this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my now my now my now my now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is this is this is this is this is how you are. I just want to talk to you a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed it changed it changed it changed it changed his life changed my aunts life changed everybody's life. So I so I so I so I so I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He said I want to tell you about something that I found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is this is this is this is this is a podcast about taking The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that does that does that does that does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not do not do not do not do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you so you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing good. What are what are what are what are what are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead. And anyways, and anyways, and anyways, and anyways, and anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on YouTube. So the so the so the so the so the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer apioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could you could you could you could you could love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show the show the show the show the show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name my name my name my name my name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's so today's so today's so today's so today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said jesus said jesus said jesus said jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if for if for if for if for if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah so yeah so yeah so yeah so yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring the first of our two episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what but what but what but what but what about all the people who aren't listening in the morning? Good night good night good night good night good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're really we're really we're really we're really we're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out bus out bus out bus out bus out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into today's episode. I just I just I just I just I just want to take a minute to talk to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova then Tova then Tova then Tova then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do what do what do what do what do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up what's up what's up what's up what's up as tech fans? Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name my name my name my name my name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to tell you guys about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had she had she had she had she had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, but first, but first, but first, but first, let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get so get so get so get so get started today start your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my beach hats. How are how are how are how are how are you guys doing today? I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope you had a good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, not drugs, not drugs, not drugs, not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to love this one? I put I put I put I put I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also it also it also it also it also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good. And it's and it's and it's and it's and it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again back again back again back again back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought the voice of God special guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben yeah, Ben yeah, Ben yeah, Ben yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of the legends of runeterra. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with and with and with and with and with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you did you did you did you did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun the leprechaun the leprechaun the leprechaun the leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those for those for those for those for those of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the new baby. I figured I figured I figured I figured I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad this up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, this is Joe. He's a he's a he's a he's a he's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have we have we have we have we have our Flamingo correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach out to rain. They are they are they are they are they are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a car out there. You'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love you'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am I am I am I am I am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not today. We will we will we will we will we will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we so we so we so we so we have a strip Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are hey, are hey, are hey, are hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, I'm Tim, I'm Tim, I'm Tim, I'm Tim, this is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a what a what a what a what a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial perspective. So going so going so going so going so going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row podcast. I came I came I came I came I came up the idea for this episode. We were we were we were we were we were just recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can you can you can you can you can use your phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type any type any type any type any type of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to nice to nice to nice to nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you have you have you have you have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have to pay to host your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you so you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do they'll do they'll do they'll do they'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get it out. You want you want you want you want you want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can you can you can you can you can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be don't be don't be don't be don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of none of none of none of none of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have I have I have I have I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll so we'll so we'll so we'll so we'll call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if but if but if but if but if they were just what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we are talking about in today's episode. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's get things started. The coronavirus is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is this is this is this is this is having on well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd no we'd no we'd no we'd no we'd be so don't get enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is what is what is what is what is it about this book? That just gets it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are how are how are how are how are you today? I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love I love I love I love I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is she is she is she is she is an author Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think I think I think I think I think this is just a conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's so she's so she's so she's so she's going to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have I have I have I have I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now you're now you're now you're now you're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just I just I just I just I just want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a store. I've always I've always I've always I've always I've always wanted to play electricity. If really if really if really if really if really really excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need I need I need I need I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards Ascension. So you so you so you so you so you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back we're back we're back we're back we're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of right now. There are there are there are there are there are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my so my so my so my so my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's hope she's hope she's hope she's hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and flex and flex and flex and flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the on the on the on the on the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals the criminals the criminals the criminals the criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even it's even it's even it's even it's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he decided he decided he decided he decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after okay after okay after okay after okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields. Also the also the also the also the also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name is Luke. I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was franklin was franklin was franklin was franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless you. My scripture my scripture my scripture my scripture my scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of some of some of some of some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download so download so download so download so download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor that's anchor that's anchor that's anchor that's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so aligned and the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is brian is brian is brian is brian is in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is it is it is it is it is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania is tasmania is tasmania is tasmania is tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while so while so while so while so while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can anyone can anyone can anyone can anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You have you have you have you have you have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually like actually like actually like actually like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular Mom. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have I have I have I have I have had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few reasons. One of one of one of one of one of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly. You feel you feel you feel you feel you feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things schedule things schedule things schedule things schedule things like that. And so there are days that you can make it and days. You just you just you just you just you just can't make it. And that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's then there's then there's then there's then there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would anchor would anchor would anchor would anchor would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to fM to fM to fM to fM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise the wise the wise the wise the wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin unfortunately, Martin Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we so we so we so we so we don't really have a thing we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this so this so this so this so this app take talk has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? So if so if so if so if so if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of the game. I was I was I was I was I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was this was this was this was this was obviously very strange. So the so the so the so the so the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again after a while. It came it came it came it came it came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida aFlorida aFlorida aFlorida aFlorida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you just stumble in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You can you can you can you can you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app anchor app anchor app anchor app anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this yeah, this yeah, this yeah, this yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And I and I and I and I and I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might I might I might I might I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version. That's the that's the that's the that's the that's the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps the apps the apps the apps the apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I so I so I so I so I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but they don't hear the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was it was it was it was it was really cool. Music had music had music had music had music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could I could I could I could I could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love. I have I have I have I have I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can you can you can you can you can record edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school one from 1976. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was I was I was I was I was introduced to this movie when I was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan I'm Ryan I'm Ryan I'm Ryan I'm Ryan your host join me as I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and intertwined and intertwined and intertwined and intertwined and that today I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not best friends forever. I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't yeah, doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on my jumper already. Is that is that is that is that is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England a long time ago. Sarah was sarah was sarah was sarah was sarah was different from other kids because she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on here on here on here on here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try to create false images of ourselves. We think we think we think we think we think there is enough of that going on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's actually, it's actually, it's actually, it's actually, it's quite the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want they want they want they want they want to give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see and see and see and see and see what you like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want we want we want we want we want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We want we want we want we want we want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am I am I am I am I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost we almost we almost we almost we almost there today. I wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know when I should talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if and if and if and if and if you haven't heard about the anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. That's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly that's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to help you on your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want I want I want I want I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on all levels. Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will we will we will we will we will be doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's about it. I got it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may be a train wreck. It may it may it may it may it may be like if it is we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - oh man. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going what's going what's going what's going what's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted all hosted all hosted all hosted all hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them give them give them give them give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do what do what do what do what do we want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we wwe wwe wwe wwe discuss this and more on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right. So how so how so how so how so how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am I am I am I am I am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got shishkin at five to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got we got we got we got we got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both we're both we're both we're both we're both really excited about the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on Saturday. And then and then and then and then and then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably they're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in the media. I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you if you if you if you if you know what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this and this and this and this and this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to preview. But first but first but first but first but first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex as sex as sex as sex as sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody so anybody so anybody so anybody so anybody could win and there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just they just they just they just they just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in this episode of podcast. I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you all you all you all you all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here on volley and I'll be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for a long while now. I'd actually I'd actually I'd actually I'd actually I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is he is he is he is he is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Soo, I'm Soo, I'm Soo, I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I yes, I think yes, and we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I oh, I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma me Emma me Emma me Emma me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was what was what was what was what was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo go back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole I stole I stole I stole I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not you're not you're not you're not you're not a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this week. We are we are we are we are we are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is this is this is this is this is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad good, glad good, glad good, glad good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living organism. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here to talk about American football. So I so I so I so I so I go into the NFL after the demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that you could play. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo. That was that was that was that was that was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will it will it will it will it will surely way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 today. This is this is this is this is this is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is what is what is what is what is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took they took they took they took they took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I and I and I and I and I just want to give a quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast you ask? Well when well when well when well when well when I was trying to get this one off the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment this segment this segment this segment this segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always I always I always I always I always say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old okay old okay old okay old okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just it just it just it just it just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience such experience such experience such experience such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si uncle Si uncle Si uncle Si uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of what they would like and as a man this is important to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not and not and not and not and not only that if you want to become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the deal. If you if you if you if you if you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very well. Okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because okay, because this video might take me a little bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good I'm good I'm good I'm good I'm good feels a bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were there were there were there were there were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man wanted the death penalty. He did he did he did he did he did not not want to grow old in prison and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher conferences here at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This individual this individual this individual this individual this individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the for the for the for the for the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, are we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss to discuss to discuss to discuss to discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sorry we sorry we sorry we sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was it was it was it was it was only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever or wherever or wherever or wherever or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st march 1st march 1st march 1st march 1st 1995 as the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, you know what? I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this and this and this and this and this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I was I was I was I was I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you can you can you can you can you beat it? And all it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put so put so put so put so put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is this is this is this is this is Walt talk. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so excited about talking to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get I get I get I get I get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have I have I have I have I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports the sports the sports the sports the sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want I want I want I want I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was it was it was it was it was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, salute up, salute up, salute up, salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when but when but when but when but when when I get a release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget I forget I forget I forget I forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when like when like when like when like when I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name my name my name my name my name is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me something. Have you have you have you have you have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you today. It's very special. We we we we we we we we we we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to do some things that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you do you do you do you do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective. We're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving we're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the treatment room. Hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like I like I like I like I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I've heard I've heard I've heard I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just we're just we're just we're just we're just gonna talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where now where now where now where now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day best day best day best day best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day the three-day the three-day the three-day the three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here right here right here right here right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your get your get your get your get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli its Eli its Eli its Eli its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this so this so this so this so this is the first episode. We're trying to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out check out check out check out check out our Series today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses. Just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me let me let me let me let me just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians second Corinthians second Corinthians second Corinthians second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner our inner our inner our inner our inner self is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want I want I want I want I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first off. It's free it's free it's free it's free it's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have we have we have we have we have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy. I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so what up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has bargain has bargain has bargain has bargain has all she on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. And if and if and if and if and if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to do. So, so so, so so, so so, so so, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes. Hello. I have I have I have I have I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's well, there's well, there's well, there's well, there's nothing better than to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me every time? Now that's now that's now that's now that's now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker I'm Parker I'm Parker I'm Parker I'm Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our it's our it's our it's our it's our day off tonight. We usually we usually we usually we usually we usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background so background so background so background so background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was it was it was it was it was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would he would he would he would he would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a you're a you're a you're a you're a medical student. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have time to study for boards, but you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got yes got yes got yes got yes got right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? And I and I and I and I and I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply on things that matter most this way. We can we can we can we can we can experience a life full of meaning and joy everyday. I am I am I am I am I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's warm out. I think I think I think I think I think it's in the 50s to me. This is this is this is this is this is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking just taking just taking just taking just taking out the trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the business of a podcast. My name my name my name my name my name is Lorna Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this and this and this and this and this is Clem and this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just I just I just I just I just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives it gives it gives it gives it gives you step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have what have what have what have what have you first let me apologize. I just I just I just I just I just ate Indian food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy let's copy let's copy let's copy let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape we tape we tape we tape we tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do please do please do please do please do like this like this video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, if so, if so, if so, if so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want I want I want I want I want to stop being so nervous. Hi. I was I was I was I was I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy. It was it was it was it was it was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined here by our guests Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you how you how you how you how you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your for your for your for your for your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets it gets it gets it gets it gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king. Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute power. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have we have we have we have we have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard never heard never heard never heard never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you so you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you everything you everything you everything you everything you need to make podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I why I why I why I why I want to do I can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing again playing again playing again playing again playing the game yet. I and I and I and I and I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about. Each week each week each week each week each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to go to go to go to go to management follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get right into it. The why the why the why the why the why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know? Yeah, just yeah, just yeah, just yeah, just yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I um, I um, I um, I um, I was actually had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had he had he had he had he had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have I have I have I have I have a script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got we got we got we got we got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten we've gotten we've gotten we've gotten we've gotten up to around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time major Nicole today on the show. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to be talking about gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a whereas a whereas a whereas a whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you if you if you if you if you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am I am I am I am I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in and in and in and in and in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we want to do at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart. And today and today and today and today and today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are we are we are we are we are going to be talking about being in our 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was it was it was it was it was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so and so and so and so and so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about Brandon bills. They gave they gave they gave they gave they gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media today. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across me across me across me across me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love I love I love I love I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a really epic. A meeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some there's some there's some there's some there's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did I did I did I did I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got we got we got we got we got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you if you if you if you if you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart my heart my heart my heart my heart behind this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am I am I am I am I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what and what and what and what and what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time this time this time this time this time I've invited Matt angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick update. Unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, I'm unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time guys and man. I got I got I got I got I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has all the creation tools. You need you need you need you need you need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make so make so make so make so make sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw him do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was he was he was he was he was so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just good just good just good just good just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he then he then he then he then he went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took they took they took they took they took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to go to go to go to go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I hey, I don't even know how to start. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do what do what do what do what do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode was insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet you bet you bet you bet you bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you. And today and today and today and today and today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just I just I just I just I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the in the in the in the in the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name my name my name my name my name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked we talked we talked we talked we talked about intentionality and last week we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're talking about a surprise. But before but before but before but before but before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you guys so much for tuning in in today's episode. I want I want I want I want I want to mainly jump into the who what why when and how of this podcast. So before so before so before so before so before you decide to listen to me, let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been an RD for about 5 years now. I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able to see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at this point because they've been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the slap the slap the slap the slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members this year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd well, where'd well, where'd well, where'd well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March happy March happy March happy March happy March Welcome to our third episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are we are we are we are we are going to be talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason the reason the reason the reason the reason I want to do this particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, hello friends, hello friends, hello friends, hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where that's where that's where that's where that's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating an avoidant? Okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up what's up what's up what's up what's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without so without so without so without so without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of one of one of one of one of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular basis. Now, let now, let now, let now, let now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts of the world. If you if you if you if you if you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's it's let's it's let's it's let's it's let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is she is she is she is she is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was I was I was I was I was a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the pulse podcast today. We have we have we have we have we have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose our purpose our purpose our purpose our purpose is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is jacques is jacques is jacques is jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have you have you have you have you have had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great it's great it's great it's great it's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter but chapter but chapter but chapter but chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is this is this is this is this is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it. You should you should you should you should you should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show me a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am who am who am who am who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows it allows it allows it allows it allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify. Apple past apple past apple past apple past apple past cut and many others. Fourth you fourth you fourth you fourth you fourth you can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you however, you however, you however, you however, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and there's a good reason for it. I also I also I also I also I also just want to say if the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I wish I wish I wish I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your it's your it's your it's your it's your host Danny Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her it's her it's her it's her it's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of Friday off. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think I think I think I think I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I have I have I have I have I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit to do it. But to but to but to but to but to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was I was I was I was I was out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you do you do you do you do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course you do. That's why that's why that's why that's why that's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message please message please message please message please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, if you were listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one just one just one just one just one request someone treat and so on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of all of all of all of all of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along is along is along is along is along with that shit and guess what? I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They are they are they are they are they are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very it's very it's very it's very it's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses then Moses then Moses then Moses then Moses sent to Cora here. Now you now you now you now you now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you did you did you did you did you know the average Americans behind on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So well, thank you. So good so good so good so good so good to finally have you alone? How many how many how many how many how many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is today is today is today is today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need you need you need you need you need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in so in so in so in so in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as sometimes as sometimes as sometimes as sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six there's six there's six there's six there's six of us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed you're supposed you're supposed you're supposed you're supposed to sit on a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for it's for it's for it's for it's for sitting that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody out there. You already you already you already you already you already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we no, we no, we no, we no, we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called they so-called they so-called they so-called they so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's a she's a she's a she's a she's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding she's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we before we before we before we before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for that's for that's for that's for that's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if so if so if so if so if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of them out there. But me but me but me but me but me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of the west of England. My name my name my name my name my name is Simon white. I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying media and journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of comes of comes of comes of comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off with our new podcast. We will we will we will we will we will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am I am I am I am I am professor emeritus of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is rack is rack is rack is rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good I'm good I'm good I'm good I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think I think I think I think I think it's pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing we're dealing we're dealing we're dealing we're dealing with the question of is the law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are we are we are we are we are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all we all we all we all we all know about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope. That's not that's not that's not that's not that's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is this is this is this is this is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll let's roll let's roll let's roll let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article in this video. Now. If you if you if you if you if you guys did not watch my other video about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I want I want I want I want I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so great one. It's free it's free it's free it's free it's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short and on top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do wow, do wow, do wow, do wow, do we have a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the police were just here. I know I know I know I know I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel hey Nathaniel hey Nathaniel hey Nathaniel hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come out of the cow. They died they died they died they died they died a white because there's pus and blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink so drink so drink so drink so drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- and you're on your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can you can you can you can you can talk about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be it'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone the lone the lone the lone the lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you guys enjoy it. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this our this our this our this our this week is brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I youth I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you stories like is God real? Well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm doing great. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a little better at life. I am I am I am I am I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is this is this is this is this is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right all right all right all right all right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is this is this is this is this is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I so I so I so I so I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So if so if so if so if so if you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you. You can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of truth. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have I have I have I have I have a script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've um, I've um, I've um, I've um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, he's like, he's like, he's like, he's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very he's very he's very he's very he's very tiny his little arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to aims to aims to aims to aims to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect they collect they collect they collect they collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So he so he so he so he so he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to find us. You can you can you can you can you can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't you can't you can't you can't you can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have I have I have I have I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know you know you know you know you know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also you also you also you also you also need to make use of it. If you if you if you if you if you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an on an on an on an on an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are we are we are we are we are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I and I and I and I and I kind of knew it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation tools. You need you need you need you need you need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes and athletes and athletes and athletes and athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an that's an that's an that's an that's an interesting way to describe me. One of one of one of one of one of the biggest names in construction. I think I think I think I think I think my name is probably used a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So so So so So so So so So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen you've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down. Right but right but right but right but right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now. And that's and that's and that's and that's and that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is it is it is it is it is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can you can you can you can you can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this because I love the band. Of talking of talking of talking of talking of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have we have we have we have we have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically so basically so basically so basically so basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are going to go on together. I've done I've done I've done I've done I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje I'm enje I'm enje I'm enje I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have I have I have I have I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this and this and this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are there are there are there are there are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of cured. No, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's no, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or yes or yes or yes or yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and that's it. Are we are we are we are we are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my head. Here we go. We all we all we all we all we all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me. Maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle basically cycle basically cycle basically cycle basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your no, your no, your no, your no, your mom's cool, but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well. So, you so, you so, you so, you so, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too. They'll also they'll also they'll also they'll also they'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need you need you need you need you need to make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your actual name. Do you do you do you do you do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join Rabbi join Rabbi join Rabbi join Rabbi join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just call it a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is this is this is this is this is a podcast all about spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today. I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking about how to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your week. It's so it's so it's so it's so it's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but me because my heart is full. I'm way I'm way I'm way I'm way I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have we'll have we'll have we'll have we'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the in the in the in the in the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get I get I get I get I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys. So we so we so we so we so we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're yeah, the internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I and I and I and I and I think now that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to another installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing we're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can you can you can you can you can ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our show. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related anything related anything related anything related anything related to the death or something that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And in and in and in and in and in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also he also he also he also he also hosts the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and wisdom and wisdom and wisdom and wisdom and what art is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was I was I was I was I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not a big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently he recently he recently he recently he recently released his video series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does he does he does he does he does this all in real time, which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which is the best. This is this is this is this is this is one type of woman alone, which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of life and so are her kids. I love I love I love I love I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like car. Of a of a of a of a of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was hey was hey was hey was hey was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is what is what is what is what is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we do we do we do we do we have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is this is this is this is this is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk we talk we talk we talk we talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the so the so the so the so the man gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already had FX in the region but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to free to free to free to free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got you got you got you got you got to sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid he's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown. He says he says he says he says he says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to question the self you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all we all we all we all we all call home regardless. Of our current health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview I interview I interview I interview I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you have you have you have you have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go so go so go so go so go download the app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here joined by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this and this and this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling me how just in a short period of time. He's in he's in he's in he's in he's in a situation where I guess his he's been married. And he's and he's and he's and he's and he's in the process of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know we know we know we know we know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's get into it. And we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the so the so the so the so the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were they were they were they were they were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome guys, welcome guys, welcome guys, welcome guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week because he is on spring break. He's living he's living he's living he's living he's living it up in Spain. What up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an on an on an on an on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You sound you sound you sound you sound you sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not we're not we're not we're not we're not in the new studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we so we so we so we so we had to put our project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in but in but in but in but in the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is this is this is this is this is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader. Our 30 our 30 our 30 our 30 our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's what he'd say. As Sonny as Sonny as Sonny as Sonny as Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was I was I was I was I was driving to visit a friend while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car. My current my current my current my current my current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach so Zach so Zach so Zach so Zach and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying all is well. They're from they're from they're from they're from they're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And so okay. So what so what so what so what so what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always that's always that's always that's always that's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did I come up with this idea? And what and what and what and what and what waking youth is all about so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was I was I was I was I was also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes it includes it includes it includes it includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in the morning. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do we do we do we do we do it everyday though. Sometimes eat sometimes eat sometimes eat sometimes eat sometimes eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need we need we need we need we need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just we just we just we just we just kind of come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a fucking week late. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I see in a while. Basically, I basically, I basically, I basically, I basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers. Also, please also, please also, please also, please also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's weird. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to R&R. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson justin Anderson justin Anderson justin Anderson justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that. Well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it whether it whether it whether it whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs for everyone. Oh, those oh, those oh, those oh, those oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all we all we all we all we all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is this is this is this is this is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm your alarm your alarm your alarm your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And today and today and today and today and today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if now if now if now if now if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it is it is it is it is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're also going to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As always as always as always as always as always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of summary of summary of summary of summary of the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor we'll anchor we'll anchor we'll anchor we'll anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't do this without you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around the house. And so and so and so and so and so if you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on. Becoming extraterrestrial becoming extraterrestrial becoming extraterrestrial becoming extraterrestrial becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here oh, here oh, here oh, here oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for having me. No worries no worries no worries no worries no worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of Doc season. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a in a in a in a in a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here it's here it's here it's here it's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys are super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So fucking much. We love you. We love we love we love we love we love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different types of designs. There is there is there is there is there is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in and in and in and in and in this show, we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you so you so you so you so you and your marketing team can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited. It's 12 it's 12 it's 12 it's 12 it's 12 Towers weekend. And we've and we've and we've and we've and we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have we have we have we have we have a crew here today. We have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under the under the under the under the under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on some humans. There would there would there would there would there would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up wash up wash up wash up wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting we're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best clients into your business. How do how do how do how do how do I identify them and how to get them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download base download base download base download base download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast. So a so a so a so a so a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple different options you have and then let you know what I do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good yeah good yeah good yeah good yeah good had a sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is today is today is today is today is the weekend preview show. We are we are we are we are we are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at yell at yell at yell at yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally they literally they literally they literally they literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went I went I went I went I went down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back we're back we're back we're back we're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So if so if so if so if so if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on so on so on so on so on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why that's why that's why that's why that's why you have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you are you are you are you are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served I served I served I served I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's the Oliver's the Oliver's the Oliver's the Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is this is this is this is this is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal our goal our goal our goal our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also she also she also she also she also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the so the so the so the so the title of this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically so basically so basically so basically so basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are you are you are you are you are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let me let me let me let me let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then make sure to stay all the way to the end because I just started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not you're not you're not you're not you're not always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you want to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is just March. This is March. This is this is this is this is this is stopped episode 4 and like we have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in our great country. History President history President history President history President history President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get them all mixed up? She has she has she has she has she has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first your first your first your first your first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full life's full life's full life's full life's full of tough choices in it. Oh and oh and oh and oh and oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without so without so without so without so without my voice, how can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome and we're coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true. So to so to so to so to so to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a minute. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? How do we what do we think of what we title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this so this so this so this so this is just too awesome guys. You also you also you also you also you also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one this one this one this one this one is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I know I know I know I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I all I all I all I all I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been running for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels all across the country. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am I am I am I am I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt you felt you felt you felt you felt it your entire life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important it's important it's important it's important it's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been a while lol. But like but like but like but like but like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already I've already I've already I've already I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really not really not really not really not really because we just watch the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So now so now so now so now so now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say I did not that bad. But what but what but what but what but what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would we would we would we would we would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source. In other words. You are you are you are you are you are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can merge is for you to come with us in other words because we're not going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle but Michelle but Michelle but Michelle but Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here. Here. We are we are we are we are we are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with blind. I Do's I Do's I Do's I Do's I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the family all back together. So good so good so good so good so good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe 40 years ago. However certain however certain however certain however certain however certain we were about them. We don't we don't we don't we don't we don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna just gonna just gonna just gonna just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually he actually he actually he actually he actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no there's no there's no there's no there's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So today so today so today so today so today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us let us let us let us let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by considered by considered by considered by considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell we tell we tell we tell we tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and deed and deed and deed and deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there is there is there is there is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as but as but as but as but as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if but if but if but if but if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast. So here so here so here so here so here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so and so and so and so and so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is today is today is today is today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was kim was kim was kim was kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always I always I always I always I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they because they because they because they because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't mean you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you are you are you are you are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to this. You already you already you already you already you already know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right all right all right all right all right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind of like dating preferences. So hey, so hey, so hey, so hey, so hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me let me let me let me let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if but if but if but if but if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check so check so check so check so check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have I have I have I have I have never met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick him up. He'll touch it. It'll play it'll play it'll play it'll play it'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved he loved he loved he loved he loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're yeah, we're yeah, we're yeah, we're yeah, we're going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my so my so my so my so my first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So good so good so good so good so good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I almost I almost I almost I almost I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We are we are we are we are we are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is this is this is this is this is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a little too hot. Sorry be more that makes sense. Us be us be us be us be us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my the my the my the my the my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today and today and today and today and today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called it's called it's called it's called it's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's really really easy to do. Do anchor do anchor do anchor do anchor do anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so and so and so and so and so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God through Christ. Jesus our jesus our jesus our jesus our jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know I know I know I know I know maybe stretching it here. Is it is it is it is it is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the good week. We've been we've been we've been we've been we've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one so one so one so one so one of the things that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is Ecommerce businesses. How do how do how do how do how do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what and what and what and what and what are some of the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you have you have you have you have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with age. Not always not always not always not always not always the case. Do you do you do you do you do you say that? I don't know who said that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was amen was amen was amen was amen was called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you and I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it a reality now. Yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here so here so here so here so here we are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, so, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one to one to one to one to one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and so on so forth. I think I think I think I think I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way shape or form in any. Any circle any circle any circle any circle any circle of any group of people and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell that devil who you are today. I woke I woke I woke I woke I woke up and I told the devil who I am in Christ. I am I am I am I am I am complete in him who is the head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the law of sin and death. I am I am I am I am I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot come near me. I am I am I am I am I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I love I love I love I love I am in right standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have put up the old and put on the new I have been given and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all my needs. According to according to according to according to according to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to how to how to how to how to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning awarning awarning awarning awarning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got I've got I've got I've got I've got Andy on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion is advised. We advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's the he's the he's the he's the he's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter 2 season 2. This is this is this is this is this is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is today is today is today is today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme the Supreme the Supreme the Supreme the Supreme Court of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was it was it was it was it was a hot day but the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break so break so break so break so break that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what so what so what so what so what are you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking by taking by taking by taking by taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would we would we would we would we would be talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term. If not, if not, if not, if not, if not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, so anyways, so anyways, so anyways, so anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some got some got some got some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many so many so many so many so many times mentioned in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't really mean that you should after reading an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you guys for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look over this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And of and of and of and of and of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them hey them hey them hey them hey them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am I am I am I am I am Bond diesel. I do I do I do I do I do division stuff such as this podcast. I do I do I do I do I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name my name my name my name my name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, hey baba, hey baba, hey baba, hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at skip at skip at skip at skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again once again once again once again once again being solo Mia is back from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, Stacy okay, Stacy has a question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just we just we just we just we just gone we're vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've so we've so we've so we've so we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is D. Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak about and so my question for you just to get right into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover episode. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've yeah, we've yeah, we've yeah, we've yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name my name my name my name my name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is it is it is it is it is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood enough blood enough blood enough blood enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady yes lady yes lady yes lady yes lady markets surged in the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for oh for oh for oh for oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they carolina they carolina they carolina they carolina they got up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of the time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick aquick aquick aquick aquick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare it's rare it's rare it's rare it's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about sex with an adult. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to them. This is this is this is this is this is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter I'm smarter I'm smarter I'm smarter I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have we have we have we have we have myself Joakim at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right all right all right all right all right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are we are we are we are we are talking about what we I like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano a mano a mano a mano a mano this week. We will also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is that is that is that is that is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out of their Fortune. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm and I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I will start with my first two because these are the these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and shh, and shh, and shh, and shh, and please keep in mind. I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father his father his father his father his father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a what a what a what a what a legend now, let's talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys have been amazing. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now and now and now and now and now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks well, thanks well, thanks well, thanks well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get pet get pet get pet get pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually we actually we actually we actually we actually have people listen. I know I know I know I know I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if guys, if guys, if guys, if guys, if you have any thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose its rose its rose its rose its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the download the download the download the download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only not only not only not only not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where are where are where are where are where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it how's it how's it how's it how's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to get started. This is this is this is this is this is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want I want I want I want I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you so you so you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club. I spent I spent I spent I spent I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have I have I have I have I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we obviously, we obviously, we obviously, we obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Iger. He's out he's out he's out he's out he's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush mr. Bush mr. Bush mr. Bush mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said they said they said they said they said that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I don't know. I think I think I think I think I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent we spent we spent we spent we spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you are you are you are you are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how to follow directions. There's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has this has this has this has this has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with her 13th child. No Midwife no Midwife no Midwife no Midwife no Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real yeah real yeah real yeah real yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2. First of first of first of first of first of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has it has it has it has it has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went it went it went it went it went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if anchor if anchor if anchor if anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're so you're so you're so you're so you're probably why I asking like what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through a kemetic meditation. So the so the so the so the so the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can also do this in a seated position. If you if you if you if you if you are sitting you want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find your navel. So with so with so with so with so with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top now let the buzz. What is what is what is what is what is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad you're glad you're glad you're glad you're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because full disclosure. This is this is this is this is this is the third time when you're trying my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, but anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a One-Stop shop when it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They have they have they have they have they have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two you're two you're two you're two you're two years old. And I love you. This is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody hi everybody hi everybody hi everybody hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. I love this show. I want I want I want I want I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is this is this is this is this is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name my name my name my name my name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just so just so just so just so just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so it's so it's so it's so it's so hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our guy. These consist these consist these consist these consist these consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week. Okay, we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me anyways, me anyways, me anyways, me anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she hey, she hey, she hey, she hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm anyways, I'm anyways, I'm anyways, I'm anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets he gets he gets he gets he gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have we have we have we have we have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please note please note please note please note please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one place? So check so check so check so check so check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name correct name correct name correct name correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know I know I know I know I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to take a long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part 2. All right. So check so check so check so check so check out that one first. We give we give we give we give we give a little bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few afew afew afew afew months back. We did we did we did we did we did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is this is this is this is this is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does what does what does what does what does it pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out she's out she's out she's out she's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses. But today but today but today but today but today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I also have inside. We all we all we all we all we all go through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he likes to get up really early. But today's but today's but today's but today's but today's a little bit different. I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know I know I know I know I know her story is going to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me hit me hit me hit me hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only not only not only not only not only that it's free. There are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed so delayed so delayed so delayed so delayed welcome back to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo. Now the now the now the now the now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's been it's been it's been it's been it's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we so we so we so we so we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many okay, many okay, many okay, many okay, many people come up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's like here's like here's like here's like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I so I so I so I so I do need to have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host an EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a she's a she's a she's a she's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is this is this is this is this is episode 7. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing show start well I mean like you know brushing on the top of of of of of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard okay you know so so so so so like. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women women women women women okay okay you know like from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, Yoon, Yoon, Yoon, Yoon, one of the you know uh well uh most powerful female warriors in ancient times times times times times. In ancient times there was a like well you know you know kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called well like you you you you you know uh the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real so so so so so okay so um good form before we get to talking about anything and everything everything everything everything everything to do with golf so so I mean so shafts. I got to give give give give give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name uh um um um um um like so is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True True True True True Sports is so I mean so you know golf division up true Sports encompasses encompasses encompasses encompasses encompasses a lot. I know Don that you have um I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also so so so so so I mean okay you know has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse. Am I am I am I am I am I am I correct on on on on on I mean I mean well um all this before? Before we before we before before before before before we before we before we get going. Yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that that that that that yeah, that yeah, that is correct. So true like like um um Sports, so we we we we we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of like like uh uh uh uh uh uh last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse division are so uh I mean so Baseball division and they are all branded branded branded branded branded true. So it made sense for the parent um like you know you know company recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were you know know know know know um well um really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range range range range range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to the the the the the jewels fine course. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by two thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand nine well I mean so like playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? right right right right Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the podcast okay okay okay okay okay um like well been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our our our our our last Co-op like um okay so view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know know know know know been very rare. You're you know um well okay not been on the scoresheet what's changed changed changed changed changed for you and your career since In well I mean so okay a few ways ways ways ways ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the sports criminals, March March March March March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down okay um uh um the top top top top top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back so well okay okay okay okay okay um to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was was was was was only two so you know so so games away from clinching a spot in the the the the the semi-finals of the Hamburg open like um well okay or opponent. Steffi. Graf Graf Graf Graf Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed you know so I mean I I I I I mean fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for for for for for more shocking I mean um like like sports events from history tune in right here here here here here every day to our March Madness special. Listen um um like like free on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of like like like like like well I mean well the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark snark snark snark snark the I mean I mean uh so podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some um you know I mean I mean reason he he he he he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little like like like like like like so so bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, Caroline, Caroline, Caroline, Caroline, but we're going um like I mean um to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with with with with with so um well like pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this this this this this well uh uh um episode is I've opened up the line. So at at at at at any stage, you may get a okay um uh uh call from a listener, even even even even even though this isn't life and we must stop what you know like you you you you you know like we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll roll roll roll roll on. So uh so well I mean you guys are swept that is this this this this this If is this the quad point is this uh um like okay or we getting getting getting getting getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay makings of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's like well well well well well like like just a chapel just as you just smack it down six months months months months months because I so you know I mean like it's been nagging us for the the the the the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's you know uh like well well well well well get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really really really really really wants to talk about it. So I've so I've so I've so I've so I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before before before before before uh well um like structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously tremendously tremendously tremendously tremendously good. Yeah, I think um well um you know I think duration work in in in in in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how um uh so so so so so uh to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get get get get get me wrong uh so okay um. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on I I I I I mean uh like so the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a huge advocate um so uh okay of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have have have have have to feed raw, but there's so okay like you know not too many good. Good Good Good Good Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a okay uh I mean uh great how how how how how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that like okay you know know know know know okay you can buy. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're okay um okay I I I I I mean big on engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as as as as as pet dog okay um so uh. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as so as as as as as so as so as so as a pet dog trainer most of the time well well well well well you know okay you know the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must you must you must you must you must tell me all your your your your your secrets. Remember we remember we remember we remember we remember we must share everything everything everything everything everything together. Ladies and gentlemen, well like so like go go for a wild wild ride ride ride ride ride with the want to see cats, but beware uh I mean uh I I I I I mean the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster okay okay okay okay okay you know um well Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is um uh uh uh uh uh okay well someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the the the the the podium so so uh I mean. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always always always always always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth forth forth forth forth. I'm trying so uh so I mean to think of topics. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna from time to time talk talk talk talk talk about beating a well well you know like wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I I I I I do beat my wife I mean uh so okay. It's because I don't have a a a a a wife to beat. Yep, you heard um so like um it here water water water water water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is this is this is this this this this this is this is uh well like like how we're going to start this pod with water water water water water dripping and 2f words. That was dank like uh I mean so. We we we we we we just started. It's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually it's actually been been been been been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm like so okay okay on one. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this um um um um um I mean I mean okay episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some some some some some people may find um well okay I mean offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children children children children children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It so okay um uh was a a a a a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming uh well well well well well uh um rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom Tom Tom Tom Tom River with oxygen-rich okay so okay I mean water. It was the perfect condition for fish fish fish fish fish right for the catch. Alone like alone like alone like alone like alone like well well well well well well okay angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a a a a a spot to drop his line as you know I mean uh um his gaze gaze gaze gaze gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath um um um um um I mean well so the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode episode episode episode episode I mean uh so so is going to be about adrenochrome. And if and if and and and and and if and if and if that has actually played a uh okay well you know huge huge huge huge huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're so so so so so we're so we're so we're so we're actually I mean like like uh going going going going going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how well you you you you you know well so adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in in in in in Hollywood. We are going uh like I mean I mean to give you some some some some some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where here's where here's where where where where where here's where here's where we you know you know like so give our shout shout shout shout shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest so so I mean mean mean mean mean like way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that that that that that so um uh okay it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super it's super it's super it's super it's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my so so so so so uh I mean you know closest friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, I'm yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going we're going we're we're we're we're we're going we're going we're going to feel better well I mean well I mean mean mean mean mean and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where like you know uh uh we sit with ourselves each other and special special special special special guests to share the Journey of you know well you know you know going going going going going from said, bitch. That bitch that bitch that bitch that bitch that bitch in in in in in this first episode Jay and I roll around the uh well okay well ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah I yeah I yeah I yeah I yeah I mean well you know um um um um um. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through through through through through you know like um uh and learn things over again. It's the world is is is is is because you kind of lived I mean you know I mean I mean in in in in in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life life life life life. It's um I mean uh like just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it however, it it it it it however, it however, it however, it has been you know uh so uh told told told told told I have read that back in the day a massive School I mean well well well well well um I mean of sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school school school school school like so well I mean of sardines was powerful enough together to force a a a a a large boat to stop in so okay well uh its tracks and push it it it it it the other way tile friends. If you want okay um um so to change for for for for for better in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish uh well well well well well um you know people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next Next Next Next Next podcast uh okay like like is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps apps apps apps apps active be active Navajo may be both um okay uh so active but healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude okay okay okay okay okay um you know well introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a a a a a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was uh um um like a bad joke is Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina Audrina before the trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has has has has has on me. So now so now so now so now so now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do do do do do with self-discovery self-development like um well um and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to unplug a podcast series were a child well well you know well with with with with with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll be so so so so so uh so well your host every Fortnight. So make so make so make so so so so so make so make sure that you stay tuned and follow me okay I mean mean mean mean mean um like on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end end end end end and follow you know I mean you know okay as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting posting posting posting posting every week. So if so if so if so if so if you miss okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh a week Weak don't worry. You can you can you you you you you can you can you can always come back. So make sure that um um um um um um uh like you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends friends friends friends friends your family so well like I mean to anyone who has a need to to to to to listen send it to them and I'll be more so so well okay than happy happy happy happy happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast you you you you you know like uh you know. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my hello my hello my hello my hello my friends and welcome to episode number number number number number 13 of the more, you you know like um I mean know podcast. This This This This This is this is this is this is this is no l am speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking. And today. I'm going to talk okay um okay like about giving up Perfection or or or or or this idea of perfection for progress. And for and for and for and for for for for for and for uh well I mean um peace. I think I think that it's it's it's it's it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We I mean well I mean well are are are are are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every so so so so so uh you know well single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All All All All All right, they may look like they're I mean like you know uh getting it right right right right right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused on well so so so so so okay okay and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like like like like like seriously, uh well um like I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start uh I I I I I mean you know um a podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use use use use use anchor anchor is a I mean I mean uh like free app that allows you you you you you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need like I mean well I I I I I mean is an idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing editing editing editing editing and well like so like everything you need including music to help you make a professional professional professional professional professional quality sounding podcast like okay so so right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer download the anchor app today or it so you know you know okay over over over over over to Anchor FM to get started. In this episode we look at so so so so so so you know I mean very simple things. You can do in 5 minutes per day to to to to to start changing so well okay so your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made made made I mean well well so with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear schmear schmear schmear schmear. That's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect for spreading on okay okay okay okay okay you know you know you know your morning Bagel. Now where you get that that that that that big ol should be the only subject so okay uh uh for debate the the the the the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 uh so so so so so um so Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet Juliet lime. And today and today and today and today and today I'm well well you know know know know know um joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast Blast Blast Blast Blast I mean uh um well the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just just just just just don't send him uh uh uh um send him off the Earth. What is your your your your your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm like so you know well at at at at at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of okay so so so so so I mean um this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see see see see see um so um uh Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want you you you you you want you want you want you want to talk about some things you you know know know know know um I mean um want to tell some stories. You want you want want want want want you want you want you want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You just uh uh uh uh uh you know well so want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile device is free and um you know so okay it's easy to use. You can can can can can record while you're at home. You can um um um like record on the the the the the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel far so uh uh uh uh uh okay well distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do do do do do well well well so it at home and it's easy to use you just just just just just recorded episode you publish it. It like okay um I mean uploads all the platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got uh well like like like like like uh a podcast in your voices out there. So download so download so so so so so download so download so download anchor podcasts. Like I like I like I like I like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers Chompers um well well like your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing start start start start start brushing start brushing start brushing start brushing on the top of your mouth okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean I mean on one side, but don't brush too hard hard hard hard hard. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week where we okay okay okay okay okay um like well talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of well well well well well so okay well two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping helping helping helping helping people who well um uh well are blind and deaf. Helen Keller helen helen helen helen helen Keller helen Keller helen Keller helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more more more more more than okay like like uh 100 years ago. Helen was helen was helen was helen helen helen helen helen was helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or or or or or hear so um um okay her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to to to to to communicate with her, but they well so okay I mean couldn't figure out how she couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case okay you you you you you know okay like we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off off off off off or something like okay like well okay that. Yes that specific reason Lots of of of of of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't you know um okay well have have have have have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story you know I I I I I mean so so because It's part of it is like the visual is at at at at at least you know, 30% uh like like okay of it. Yeah, same goes for the the the the the football story that I want to tell um so uh so ya but the the the the the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that you know like like like like like um okay. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of uh uh uh uh uh well so well March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the the the the the latest in so okay um like video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New New New New New York City and bounce around like I mean I mean okay cables and satellites all around around around around around the world and right into a listening device um I mean um like of choice choice choice choice choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got I mean mean mean mean mean uh so okay to change the copy but what my one and only co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host is back um you know well um. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in the the the the the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being okay uh like so here - - - - - out to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, okay you you you you you know you know um man. Thanks to chase again for yeah step in there there there there there. It was it was dope I mean okay I mean uh to hear hear hear hear hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed bed bed bed bed chamber uh okay uh so the fateful day had finally arrived. His first his first first first first first his first his first his first child was about to be born as well so so so so so you know well he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge deluge deluge deluge deluge of well uh um um rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the the the the the weather reminding him so so I mean uh of a prophecy. He'd heard years before before before before before if you do. Do this evil thing you um uh okay I mean shall have have have have have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers okay okay okay okay okay you know okay so of blood will flow. The heads the heads the heads heads heads heads heads the heads the heads of the mighty will fall your cities will well uh uh uh uh uh well um be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words I I I I I mean uh um I mean now his sin had already been committed now, he he he he he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank okay okay so okay you so much for tuning in listening. We hope we hope we we we we we hope we hope we hope you like it. We hope you so you know you know know know know know well enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that well like like um will really help us out especially here in in in in in the beginning. We're trying to grow this I mean um you know you know thing thing thing thing thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, you, you, you, you, um so uh you know you know a feel for what we're going to be be be be be doing with this. We like like like you know hope you like it. Also Also Also Also Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you so okay so um um um um um well much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple couple couple couple couple of weeks um so like okay of difficulties, but I think we're on on on on on the right track now also forgive us so okay okay um for the sound quality quality quality quality quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're I mean well um um um um um well trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's that's that's that's that's best for like so I mean I mean your ear holes so that you can can can can can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the uh uh uh uh uh well I mean well easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So So So So So it's free their creation well uh uh like tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit the podcast right from your I mean uh so you know phone or or or or or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it it it it it okay uh okay like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service service service service service you can like you know well uh really imagine you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's you know so okay so everything you need need need need need to make a podcast. In one in one in one in one in one place place place place place just on their app. So well okay okay I mean guys go download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- uh okay you know um to to to to to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are are are are are you know well uh you know glad and excited to be back for episode episode episode episode episode 2 we out here recording just having a I mean like well you know know know know know good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is Mars lover lover lover lover lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My so um uh um my guest guest guest guest guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals like well well well well well okay um and we are we talked about who he thinks is going going going going going to win the BBL okay um well uh Championship his toughest opponents and and and and and how it was playing for the Royals and more uh okay um uh. It's another it's it's it's it's it's another it's another it's another it's another short one. It's going it's going it's going going going going going it's going it's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's uh well I I I I I mean so segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole whole whole whole whole show. Hit so well like um when you'll see how long it is is is is is about not listening to it. But before we get like uh uh well into into into into into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just going to run I mean mean mean mean mean well I mean okay give you a rundown of the all the games this this this this this weekend and I will I'm going okay like I mean I mean to talk about something something something something something else as well. So first game and the Wolves well well um you know beat the the the the the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick I mean mean mean mean mean uh you know you know minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you you you you you haven't heard about anger, well I mean like okay it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast why you ask let me explain like uh uh so it's free. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from um well you know um your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be okay okay okay okay okay well like well heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make make make make make money I mean uh um like from your podcast with no minimum. Starship Starship Starship Starship Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything I mean okay okay so you need to make make make make make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app um okay okay okay okay okay okay so or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to to to to to the show um well so okay. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are are are are are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to to to so um like okay all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for for for for for free without a uh um like like premium account Spotify has a huge huge huge huge huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus um like well like you can follow follow follow follow follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so you so you so you never never never never never miss an episode premium I mean okay okay um users can download episodes to listen listen listen listen listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share okay I mean so um um um um um what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done um um um um um so you know so so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search search search search search for Optimal Health well you know so so daily on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow so okay um like like like like like me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is is is is is this is this is this is this is Optimal okay okay so I mean mean mean mean mean Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle well uh okay well fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find um um um um um you know well so your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional health. I get okay you know uh uh cornered into being the guy who has has has has has all the answers. I'd like to well um uh okay take this opportunity to make a a a a a confession. I don't what I do have our like uh um um convictions. I have have have have have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, like like you know know know know know okay we can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here here here here here through my okay I mean um um journey. It's become evident that A participant is no no no no no longer enough. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to become like okay okay okay okay okay well um reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Myers showcom um okay well you know. Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going like like you know okay okay okay okay okay to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni it's Jenni it's it's it's it's it's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni and I you know you know uh okay am ready ready ready ready ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that and that and that and that and and and and and that is Leticia stop who has so uh well okay just been arrested this this this this this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me you know so I I I I I mean okay at all then you know, I have said since day one the the the the the beginning that she I mean okay uh so was guilty get. T they call call call call call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she you know you know uh well did it it it it it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be um you know know know know know I mean I mean brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested arrested arrested arrested arrested and it has okay uh I mean um finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with with with with with um I mean like I mean uploading it and putting it online. But now we do do do do do it was kind of complicated and confusing okay okay uh I mean it it it it it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through um so so so so so so um a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f f f f f m which is okay okay well okay awesome and who we currently use now it's free free free free free. It's got creation tools that so like um I mean allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer well okay um like. Anchor will will will will will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on so well you you you you you know I mean Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money money money money money from your podcast I mean well you know like with no minimum listenership. So if if if if if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess like like so like what you you you you you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think um uh I I I I I mean uh it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your your your your your okay uh like so podcast and do not get you money in the the the the the process. So it's everything that you like okay like so need to make a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot um uh so uh f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the the the the the I mean you know you know I mean one Bitcoin show. Today is is is is is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age so okay well like of of of of of the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters like like like like like well well so were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be be be be be a unique beast on so um well so confiscated Bible low my Elite friends friends friends friends friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have so so so so so well well you know Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the the the the the Koozie send me the so like I mean uh Koozies know send me yours yours yours yours yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I um I mean like um stole that that that that that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I like so okay okay okay okay okay you know know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I I I I I will okay, like well okay so and also I have TVs on my counter counter counter counter counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's um um so okay they also have have have have have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I uh I mean okay well well well well well dig it. I dig it. It's fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's fucking it's it's it's it's it's fucking like so okay. I may have shot um um okay okay the wedding's it it it it it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know okay um uh so. I I I I I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who who who who who so okay I mean like could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them them them them them half over I mean well I mean well half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name my name my name my name my name is Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we uh um so um are are are are are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim our aim our aim our aim our aim aim aim aim aim is to provide you with well okay like um like research in sight sight sight sight sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where okay okay I mean so you you you you you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this well uh I I I I I mean okay is you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of of of of of just wanted um uh like okay to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked talked talked talked talked about what we want this uh um um I mean to look like and and and and and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why so why so why so why so so so so so why should okay well you know okay you listen to me? So we thought this this this this this would be a good introduction to you know okay um so kind of who we we we we we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes well well uh um um um um um are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my my my my my oh my oh my oh my oh my you know like um well well well well well God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and you you you you you know you know well uh in specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things things things things things in various. I think he's okay. I'll like well I mean you know go first first first first first because I got a good one. This happened this happened this happened this happened happened happened happened happened this happened just this morning. I see all uh like well okay might know I I I I I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me let me let me let me let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known known known known known you know um um uh as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the the the the the podcast where we read through you know okay I mean you know Saga one issue issue issue issue issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question uh I mean you know know know know know uh. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other other other other other I mean okay um okay podcasts. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that that that that that actually that still works I mean um uh so. Okay, that's fast. How long long long long long how long were you sitting on that one? How long I mean um well well well well well uh was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name name name name name of this you know uh so you know episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is is is is is good book really. This is a good book you know you know well so so so so so. I just looked at this cover. This is this is this is this is this this this this this is a good book. I love I love I love I love I love this this this this this so well well well cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is this is this is this is is is is is this is still some time. Here's the U s-- L's um so I mean okay okay okay okay okay Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for for for for for season well okay like like 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all all all all all of a sudden the uh um I mean so 2020 season is upon us us us us us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is your off uh well okay okay okay okay okay I mean season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to to to to to go? Just I mean um okay okay blacked out and then woke up and and and and and it was like we're about to kick I mean um uh like off and I was was was was was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time okay you know you you you you you know okay. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set set set set set I set I set I set I set my alarm um well well uh. Yeah, and and and and and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like uh so I mean mean mean mean mean um a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was was was was was like, whoa, we're uh so like uh like it's like what's happening? This is happening happening happening happening happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was well so like uh just like like like like like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are like uh I mean mean mean mean mean you know good for real back in the swing of things were back here every you know know know know know so you know so single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys guys guys guys guys like uh like you know a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen listen listen listen listen to all of your favorite um I mean uh okay artists and podcasts in in in in in one place. That's for that's for that's for that's for that's for free Hallelujah. No No No No No premium no premium no premium no premium no premium account necessary well okay like like like like like like Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening listening listening listening listening I mean um uh you know to right now and you can follow those podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So you never miss an so like well well episode you can share what you're listening to to to to to with friends on Instagram. And if like so I mean okay you are a premium premium premium premium premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline so like so um no matter where where where where where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download uh uh uh uh uh like you know well the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in the um you know okay um your library Tab and give us a a a a a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking I mean you know um well well well well well of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal okay well I mean like relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had had had had had told me right after okay I mean okay okay my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with so so like um your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh sigh sigh sigh sigh it and in this episode we you know uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the the the the the order so okay so like of importance for you and your clients to make sure sure sure sure sure that they're building muscle as quickly okay um uh like and efficiently as possible. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a so so well well well well well well one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were we were we were we were we were were were were were one minute into the like uh I mean like podcast and then I realized realized realized realized realized that we have a little bit of a new uh I mean okay okay setup setup setup setup setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the the the the the set uh you know like um up and I realized that I hadn't set set set set set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only we're only we're only we're only we're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on uh uh uh uh uh okay you know like I'll say this till till I die. You only only only only only you only you only you only you only have the next breath. That's That's That's That's That's all uh you know like you know you have. The current the current the current current current current current the current the current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's What's What's What's What's up, y'all? so you know I mean well Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 21 21 21 21 and technically for the people watching on like I mean um uh YouTube for you you you you you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your normal podcast uh um well well well well well so app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old um um um um um okay okay you know patient. Timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick timothy Hardwick was was was was was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would you know know know know know okay well so die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours uh uh uh uh uh well I mean I mean later. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast cast cast cast cast original due to the graphic like okay I mean you know nature of today's today's today's today's today's crimes. Listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is is is is is advised for listeners under 13 uh so um like. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit allit allit allit allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was like okay okay uh later later later later later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, okay I mean mean mean mean mean well I mean 's I'm pretty energized right now. Just got just got just just just just just got just got just got off the back of doing some live uh uh uh uh uh uh you know uh training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which which which which which is the power of um well you know you know the internet and amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at you know um you you you you you know okay one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind kind kind kind kind of inspired. Is this little you know I mean I mean well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before but before but before but before but but but but but before we get into that, I well um so well want to give a shout shout shout shout shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've like you know um like been been been been been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a so so so so so like like um review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I I I I I will enter them into a so well I mean uh draw to win a a a a a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for for for for for divine um okay um I mean spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling calling calling calling calling and aligned with their purpose. I like like okay well am your host e let let let let let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and um you you you you you know well well awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics topics topics topics topics well well okay you know share stories and deeply dive into what it it it it it means to be a soul having okay okay okay you know a human experience. So come come come come come so come so come so come so come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea qin Sea of well so um um Love Love Love Love Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura aura aura aura aura well uh um you know room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about about about about about a month since my last I mean you know okay um episode but I I I I I went off to have a baby most of you know well well I mean mean mean mean mean um that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement basement basement basement basement on okay um like uh my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all all all all all a chance to skirt. It I it I it I it I it I mean mean mean mean mean well uh so all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot shot shot shot shot. The top graphic well uh you know you know cards got a power supply on microprocessor microprocessor microprocessor microprocessor microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I you know I mean uh like put the the the the the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too too too too too well like uh like fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I I I I I fear cruelly assemble well I mean you know like a rig like a BP engineer engineer engineer engineer engineer. My friends and family smile is working well like like um on make fun of of of of of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I I mean I I I I I mean um well don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care care care care care mining corn uh so well okay in my underwear. I'm gonna be a a a a a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the so okay okay um notes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking I'm picking out my favorite - like like like like like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital well well so okay wallet for holding holding holding holding holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls dolls dolls dolls dolls. Did we so uh um like just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a a a a a spooky tale. So you create some atmosphere uh so okay like light some candles candles candles candles candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in this okay so um well well well well well ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort done done done done done done um like well um. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell hell hell hell hell this is all you so so well um see is the creepy alien going crazy, you you you you you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here here here here here well I mean like well to talk about my life experiences as a model share share share share share my best tips and advices on um so uh um how you can become become become become become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry uh well okay you know know know know know and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll today today today today today I'll today I'll today I'll today I'll be talking so um um you know know know know know about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here here here here here and listening to okay like um so my very first episode. I am so excited excited excited excited excited. I had I had I had I had I had been thinking about doing a a a a a I mean you know I mean well podcast for over a year now and and and and and kept pushing it off, but I just had uh so so like to do do do do do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the I mean I mean mean mean mean mean okay um covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if if if if if you you know I mean um uh don't know about anchor it's the the the the the platform that we use to make all of our well uh so well podcasts and and and and and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just break um um um um um okay well okay it down for you guys real quick. It is it it it it it is it is it is it is 100% free. There's nothing you uh well uh uh uh uh uh so have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so so so so so that you I mean okay like uh can record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever so uh okay uh it'll automatically distribute your your your your your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple well well well well well well like well podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can can can can can make money from your you know okay okay so podcast right out the the the the the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, um well um well which which which which which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast okay okay okay okay okay well well um all in one place. So download the free anchor app or or or or or go to Anchor dot I mean like so like. F m-- to get started. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box box box box box I mean I mean well so and I'll look this way too simple. That's That's That's That's That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it like so okay uh. Okay. I just reason with with with with with myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking um okay I I I I I mean so a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit. It's like like um you know what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a uh well well well well well um you know stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's friend's friend's friend's friend's husband. I think I mean like you know you know my uncle killed someone someone someone someone someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? you know you know you know know know know know you know you know like uh you know Welcome back to another week of beyond the the the the the secret. My name is Ace like um you know you know Fanning and I I I I I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started okay well uh uh uh uh uh I mean to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said it's said it's said it's said it's said that he died laughing laughing laughing laughing laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of solely um okay like like like like like uh if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to to to to to hear more of okay so you know um history's most fascinating lives lives lives lives lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates. You can hear the so um um um um um um I mean entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths today today today today today in the meantime well you know I mean you know enjoy this episode. Sir, Sir, Sir, Sir, Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that you need? Are you indeed um I mean mean mean mean mean well so who I think you are? I'm not certain any man is who he he he he he thinks like like you know so he is. Well, sir, well, sir, well, well, well, well, well, sir, well, sir, well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has has has has has received so like I mean I mean well much praise. I am it's about about about about about my son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first first first first first for three well I mean well uh decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's what's what's what's what's the point of being six degrees from everyone if um so uh um all you really really really really really want is a best friend. Well, I have like um like uh finally found someone someone someone someone someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone I mean mean mean mean mean uh well okay could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Bacon. He stole what you know you know I mean um should have been been been been been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't okay you you you you you know well you know the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years years years years years. He was he was he was he was he was just some boring guy um um um um um well like I mean Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow Somehow made this it you know so uh so would take his career Kevin. You have have have have have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I mean mean mean mean mean um um so I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about about about about about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today okay I mean okay well we're here with some little special special special special special guests and they are going to be joining I mean okay well so our our our our our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st st st st st like okay well so. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have have have have have you ever I guess experience okay okay I mean uh like a stereotype at least least least least least a racial one. And if so, what was it you know so um uh uh uh uh uh and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about about about about about anchor get it well um like you know is the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. I want to explain. It's actually okay um so I mean where we we we we we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation tool okay so I I I I I mean uh that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or your so well so uh computer if that's how you want to to to to to do it. That's not how we okay so so like do it. But But But But But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you know I I I I I mean so I mean it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher Stitcher many many more and you uh I mean like uh can make money. From From From From From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need I mean like you know know know know know well to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download download download download download the free anchor app like like um you know or go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. And now for the sun sun sun sun sun you know okay okay well solar panel podcast. Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, it's hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our friends um I mean mean mean mean mean uh so at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess guess guess guess guess what you so uh okay well can find all your favorite podcast there as well well well well well. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts another so like like I mean one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what what what what what other episode no, no, it's not uh uh like you know. It's not the show show show show show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another I mean um uh okay okay okay okay okay episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain complain complain complain complain about okay well uh you know me saying no many you do the intro after that couch couch couch couch couch. All right well so like like. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was was was was was the entire show you how it's I mean well you know um done, right? You You You You You know you want okay do it. You know you already did you know um okay um um um um um the intro. I will I will I will I will I will do the next intro intro intro intro intro. Why have you been out here from um okay well so the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you are you are you are you are you all ready for this? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I was fucking born. I can't can't can't can't can't wait okay uh so um to talk about this movie. But this is a effin effin effin effin effin great. This was like wow, this like like like um is like a real roller roller roller roller roller coaster. It was just like one of those old so I mean well okay okay okay okay okay can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that um so so so so so so okay we're going to get into but I know that it was a good good good good good movie well well um okay because I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this this this this this for a minute. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a um um um um um like I mean like lot to talk about and it feels like are we we we we we getting into it or my okay now, um okay well well let's not get into into into into into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody hey everybody Welcome to well like you know like the 500 greatest films podcast. My My My My My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is like you know um um um um um I mean my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly I I I I I mean you know well uh about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of of of of of your favorite artists and I mean well you know well podcast and one place that's for free free free free free. You don't even need a premium account and that uh okay I mean mean mean mean mean uh is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save save save save save a little bit well you know you know like these days. So with Spotify, you you you you you can follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so you so you so you I I I I I mean uh okay like never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to to to to to with your friends on Instagram um um um uh and premium users can even even even even even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you okay so well um are are are are are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded I mean well well well well well I mean uh already but this one is actually useful. So if so if if if if if so if so if so if you haven't done so already you know so so so so so like like download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or or or or or browse podcasts uh uh like uh in the you are Library tab. Also, make also, also, also, also, also, make also, make also, make also, make sure to follow us on there. So So So So So you I mean so you know I mean never miss an episode of optimal living advice advice advice advice advice. That being that being that being that being that being said, let's uh uh uh uh uh well like I mean get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 45 45 45 45 of optimal living advice you know okay so like the podcast where we take any any any any any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of wriggles picks is is is is is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding you know you know like like like like like you know out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you you you you you know that sort um um okay um of thing, but when it comes to finances no no no no no one nerds out like NerdWallet okay okay you know um real nerds who who who who who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators well well well well well well like uh and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's okay so so okay the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first first first first first it's uh okay like um free and everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do do do do do it? Yeah. I you know well um you know mean, I love free things. So So So So So there's also creation tools that allow you to record like I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay and edit your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute well like like like like like uh okay your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora Pandora Pandora Pandora Pandora all these so you know I mean okay platforms so that way people can can can can can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own well I mean like I I I I I mean podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all all all all all in one um okay uh you know place. So download the free anchor app today today today today today or go to Anchor dot. F okay fokay fokay fokay fokay uh uh so m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast like so so so so so okay uh for C2 English level students. I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your I'm your I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey towards I mean so so so so so okay uh Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show show show show show and don't forget to hit so so so so subscribe. So you don't miss any any any any any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back in today's episode well I mean um you know know know know know. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking paper paper paper paper paper and their differences um uh um um with those in the C1 Advanced Advanced Advanced Advanced Advanced. We already talked about the speaking paper and okay okay um uh how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as as as as as we okay like like well breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the the the the the tree of life. You come okay okay I mean so and I feel the hands of of of of of God touching me. And I calm and you fall to um you know uh uh uh uh uh you know your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my my my my my breath is a fucking okay well so like that you're not forget. Your Your Your Your Your breath your breath your breath your breath your breath the Breath of Life kissing kissing kissing kissing kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps so okay so okay me high. You make me me me me me high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really well well well well well well like okay appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of of of of of studying the Bible in this you know uh uh so way by by by by by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't well so so so so so um um often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk talk talk talk talk about it more and okay um well so today we're looking at. And really really really really really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see we see we see we see see see see see we see so so like I mean in the gospels really so Matthew 17 17 17 17 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took okay like um I mean with with with with with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up a high mountain where um um um um um I mean so like they could be alone. There in there in there in in in in in there in there in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome so so you know well back today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You uh you uh you uh you uh you you you you you uh well um um just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's That's That's That's That's the one. Yeah. I knew you'd well well um like want to say the the the the the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode you know know know know know I mean you know like. I would like to remind everybody. If you you you you you find yourself in a situation well um you know uh where you you you you you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they um so okay okay okay okay okay um are available to help you at any time. Their number their number their number number number number number their number their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We We We We We discussed I mean you know I mean okay a chapter from the series with all of of of of of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be like you know uh um warned. This is is is is is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were really like I mean I I I I I mean well excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and and and and and feelings about the well like okay so original book theories, but that's over over over over over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of Fantastic well so well so Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is an okay you you you you you know well so interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel feel feel feel feel free to tweet along well um well uh with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team team team team team on Twitter to join uh so uh you know the conversation love our blog blog blog blog blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying like okay you you you you you know I mean around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, I hate doing this this this this this but we got to pay the bills and I I mean okay uh so don't don't don't don't don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you for well um so well listening by the way, but if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to um okay um so so so so so make a podcast. I know I know I know I know I know everybody's been been been been been locked up during this quarantine and a um like I mean um few people have reached reached reached reached reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get well well like like like like like so their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to to to to to do you know okay okay so it. It's free. There's creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit the like uh okay well podcast, right? Your Your Your Your Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages well um like like. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, way, way, way, way, well so I mean I mean keep them come and keep harassing us and and and and and anchor will distribute the podcast so uh like well for you and can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this you know uh I I I I I mean uh so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I I I I I never even heard well so so okay of so it does the work for you you you you you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're you're you're you're you're listening well so uh well to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind well so um okay. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this this this this this and I gotta drink it. All so I mean um well right. So let's do do do do do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon John I mean mean mean mean mean like well I mean. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play Play Play Play Play guitar. Okay again, I do I mean you know so you you you you you know vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums drums drums drums drums. And well I mean like like I am Daniel and I play the bass bass bass bass bass. All right, let's let's let's do a this like like like okay is our first first first first first time doing it with multi people can guys so this will I mean uh uh uh uh uh so like be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious um um um um um like so like. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women extraordinary women extraordinary women extraordinary women extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories stories stories stories stories by ordinary women from Munich So okay well you know um I'm procedure right? right right right right I am South African and I've been living in Munich for so you know know know know know like I mean almost seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist therapist therapist therapist therapist but most of you know well um like my focus goes into a trauma trauma trauma trauma trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It like okay so so so so so so was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so so so so so I I mean okay well so grew up thinking that how I lived was normal normal normal normal normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back into the hard hard hard hard hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with I mean you know you know um um um um um me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks Gamecocks uh you know well okay this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that that that that that you have to wear I mean well so um that albatross around your neck, neck, neck, neck, neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a well like so like lot lot lot lot lot of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to you you you you you know um um well traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's it's it's it's it's not a clock you know I mean you know okay. In the in the in in in in in the in the in the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were were were were were in Colombia. You covered uh you know like like the baseball game and then Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch uh uh um you know the basketball basketball basketball basketball basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or so um um um um um um um Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning uh I I I I I mean like okay to cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the the the the the now you are okay so um I mean back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views the views the views the views the views views views views views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not so um I mean um necessarily stay stay stay stay stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their like like like like like like well well more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors colors colors colors colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 you you you you you know I mean uh you know episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell tell tell tell tell a little bit about what is actually well uh okay uh happening here. So you you you you you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is well you know know know know know you know I mean a podcast in which this young lady here with a a a a a okay well okay well mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see see see see see despite being 30 like uh like um something years of age. I don't need me me me me me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does where does where does where does where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on like like like like like um um you know musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all all all all all completely. It's really okay well well um cold down here. But here we are. We are are are are are bad back in the podcast Studio at okay you know okay uh Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking forward okay okay okay okay okay well so you know to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled thrilled to announce that so you know I mean I mean our guest today is singer-songwriter singer-songwriter singer-songwriter singer-songwriter singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome well like okay I I I I I mean you to my nerd Marine. No, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's no, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge okay you you you you you know like I mean today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick so stick so so so so so stick so stick so stick around welcome back. Back everyone in so I mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up up up up up the California coast from um uh like well Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've now now now now now I've now I've now I've now I've been on a train before before before before before. But this uh so well you know was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting uh like like like like like well okay your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's like okay uh well the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain first and foremost, it's free um I mean um okay. That means no money out of of of of of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow you know uh like I mean you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just just just just just like uh um so that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So it can like you know I mean okay be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is like well well um on on on on on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from so you you you you you know well um your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is is is is is everything uh I mean uh I mean you need to make a podcast in one one one one one place. So what do you do download the free uh well okay like anchor app app app app app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to to to to to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first uh well well so in a a a a a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those for those for those those those those those for those for those of you know so well well you that did did did did did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but well well well well well okay um you know we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So So So So So before we get well you know uh I mean into it is only right right right right right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike okay I mean um um um um um um as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are are are are are you? so um I mean so I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fine pretty much make okay um you know like sure the world goes around I I I I I think so. We are we are we are we are we are actually joined by by by by by another and um um um well we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a I mean well well like physicist cancer researcher award-winning science science science science science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying uh well well well well well so I mean this because he's they're here. I did I did I did I did I I I I I did actually say it to Mike off air well you know well uh as well well well well well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was was was was was so um uh like very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up up up up up organism right in I mean uh like I mean front of my eyes. I just sat in in in in in my booth we reading the rules so I mean well so again. And again, it it it it it was so dark in here that I had to use the you know uh like like like like like so small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the the the the the um I mean I mean uh lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken broken broken broken broken the first rule. Hopefully you hopefully you hopefully you hopefully you hopefully you you you you you know um like like other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This This This This This is going to be a uh um um I mean great shift. The first thing thing thing thing thing I tried was to walk out but I could like okay well well see see see see see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name like like like like like okay um okay is Adam. I am your host. Thank you thank you thank you you you you you thank you thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and uh you know know know know know um okay welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this this this this this episode, so okay like well I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am am am am am going so well uh okay uh I'm trying to put together this like like like like like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind uh well um uh of of of of of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way well so so so so so so uh to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've uh I I I I I mean I mean uh talked about in the past I talked about in the last last last last last episode that I so like so so really am a big fan of the the the the the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman so well uh I mean Prospect cards the the the the the ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together um so I mean mean mean mean mean I mean some statistics with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those those those those those specific cards, so uh you know well like Here's basically what I got, so so so so so like I was looking at like players I mean like well like basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never never never never never have to so so like um open up milk cartons again meet the milk milk milk milk milk Master 2000. Treat your fling uh like so uh flang, right? I am before you're going going going going going to see how easy this is okay well um okay to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton I I I I I mean uh you know okay. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris Chris Chris Chris Chris shared in like like uh okay other words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to uh like um well you. What's your name Chris? Chris Chris Chris Chris Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the well um you you you you you know um casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date so so so so so like like I mean myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs Tibbs mr. Tibbs mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's and it's it's it's it's it's and it's and it's and it's so I mean I mean you know know know know know Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta you you know okay like well gotta really get into and a pause in between there there there there there. Let's get let's get let's get let's get let's get out so like like like like like well like. There's a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a a a a a stage and I mean uh you know I mean Screen. Yeah, stay stage and screen screen screen screen screen if you wish and there you go you um uh well I mean are without without without without without electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show like like like like like like okay well. I know you're working on battery power over there. So I have have have have have a good signal well you know like so and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad okay okay okay okay okay well well uh reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise mayonnaise mayonnaise mayonnaise mayonnaise industry the diamond uh uh okay uh industry and even the divorce rate myths and and and and and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them you know well well okay are are are are are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these so uh okay okay okay okay okay okay facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few few few few few common so okay okay okay ones and how to combat them. One Millennials one Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials Millennials one Millennials one Millennials one Millennials change jobs after one year I mean mean mean mean mean um well you know one myth that some might not know or even even even even even care to disprove is that Millennials uh well okay okay jump from job to job job job job job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of so well uh well well well well well Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did okay like like like like like uh well 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me okay okay okay okay okay uh uh uh up. Hi welcome. My name my name my name my name name name name name my name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet on so so so so so well um you know Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year year year year year. I've created an Instagram account to uh okay I mean okay Market my items items items items items and connect with other postures in the community here. I will talk I mean um um um um um um um about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way way way way way uh um well well and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help help help help help you enhance and I mean um I mean uh possibly pick up your own side gig gig gig gig gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi so you know well well everyone. Welcome to to to to to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to today's English English English English English lesson where we are going to be learning all about uh you know well well well well well okay indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going going going going going to uh okay you know you know learn about singular plural and uncountable uncountable uncountable uncountable uncountable nouns and how they are used with the indefinite uh um like well articles in in in in in English now for those of you who are Back again for I mean you know know know know know I mean uh another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new new new new new. I want um like well you know to quickly introduce myself. My name is is is is is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher uh I mean like I mean. I have have have have have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other like like like like like you know well well languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here here here here here Love Is in the Air IR I mean uh uh like jockey it those militia militia militia militia militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with uh I mean I I I I I mean okay my favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if if if if if you I mean like okay you know are very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie movie movie movie movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo so okay uh you know the kahane kahane kahane kahane kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova okay I mean mean mean mean mean so so attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are are are are are linked up. Ski bodies like okay you know okay are 90 Arjun made made made made made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did like so I I I I I mean so not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing I nursing I nursing I nursing I nursing students, it's Dean Dean Dean Dean Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is well you know okay uh Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because because because because because it feels uh uh okay um like there's been a lot going on this week, even even even even even though we've been on spring break um okay so so. I usually only send an email email email email email with a link to the theory courses. So so I mean you know I I I I I mean if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your your your your your clinical um okay okay uh group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information information information information information on to them or well I mean so I mean tell them to contact me me me me me so I can send them the link. This is important like like um well information that that that that that I want all of you to have. It's going to be like I I I I I mean okay uh even more important than usual for us to be in communication communication communication communication communication for you to like like um well have good communication with the nursing program program program program program over the next several weeks. You uh um uh you know need to to to to to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check you you you you you know um uh um any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so sorry that I have so so like so a neglected you guys guys guys guys guys. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really neglect to do do do do do but life's been busy Christmas you know okay so um and then you know know know know know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series okay you know know know know know you know you know 2. So we've so we've so we've so we've so we've we've we've we've we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really like I mean mean mean mean mean well okay really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and and and and and I hope you know so I mean I mean you really enjoy Like always if if if if if you know anybody that would be great for um okay I mean you know the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message I mean mean mean mean mean uh you know okay because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I I I I I just wanted to quickly um um you know like just mention the sad death death death death death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people so I mean well okay just just just just just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if and and and and and if and if and if and if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to to to to to exploring in okay okay you know so a realistic and hopeful way what what what what what it's like to live with borderline personality disorder and okay uh like well other other other other other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host for this this this this this podcast well I mean well okay. I want to issue a Proviso at at at at at the beginning of the Podcast which is okay like well well that this is absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and medical intervention. So, please um so like like like like like uh seek out those sources of support if you need them. And I and I I I I I and I and I and I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside poolside poolside poolside poolside. Last podcast in this month's um uh okay well episode. We've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've got we've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at at at at at swim um you know like uh Ireland. We're going we're going we're going we're going going going going going we're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth you you you you you know like so okay some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a a a a a little bit about what is like okay you know uh expecting from from Tokyo with with with with with with some Island. I do I do I do I do I do need to apologize apologize apologize apologize apologize okay uh so you know for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings well greetings well greetings well greetings well greetings and I hope hope hope hope hope your March is off to a great start okay okay I mean um um um um um. I wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about about about about about uh well well well this new way to communicate with the department and what this this this this this means for like like like I mean DCS going forward as you know, the legislative legislative legislative legislative legislative session is in full swing okay um um you know. Our budget plan was was was was was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into like so like I mean the the the the the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote um like like like like like I mean okay on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pleased I'm pleased I'm pleased I'm pleased I'm pleased to okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay so announce that no additional changes have been made to our budget up to this point point point point point so so so uh. This is a positive step for the department and helps us better better better better better plan and assess okay uh well um our word the next steps will be for for for for for the legislature to Begin work on um uh like you know the fiscal year year year year year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode episode episode episode episode uh um um okay. We've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected we've selected those those those those those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with with with with with additional you know well um so Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from from from from from oral tradition. There's a wide variety across well uh well you know sources are are are are are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope okay okay okay okay okay okay so um you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow Arrow Arrow Arrow Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to well well um like lose the trail trail trail trail trail of his people. He'd been following them day and night I mean so like like like like like like. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone alone alone alone alone. Oh long arrows okay uh uh I mean foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the the the the the ground known to be deaf and okay well well you know assumed to be stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with um um um um um well like well the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple multiple multiple multiple multiple. Marvel features okay like so I mean marble is an American film and television television television television television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel well okay uh uh Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back well well well well well uh um um to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm thrilled to be talking so uh okay okay about today's topic. Back in back in back back back back back in back in back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip trip trip trip trip uh okay you know you know to the movie theater to watch the recent remake remake remake remake remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware well okay like um of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed portrayed portrayed portrayed portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to be I mean so well well well well well like altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's um like like like like like well um almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years years years years years older like so you know okay than me back in October of 2019. I I I I I met I met I met I met I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best best best best best um I mean you know you know the number one sports gambling podcast on on on on on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place I mean so well you know where where where where where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard Bastard Bastard Bastard Bastard out well well like you know a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we we we we we figured we just change it up because the um like okay um Mojo needed a little little little little little bit of changing as far as the pics were concerned so uh I mean um um um um um just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the money song like like like like like uh you know well that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better better better better better give me that money I mean um I mean uh. Yeah that one so so so so so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk now uh um you know I mean. It was The Buzz. I'm your your your your your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have you know you know like um um um um um Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out out out out out and like like so you know ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual uh uh uh uh uh I mean so so. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual usual usual usual usual programming a because like like you know I mean we actually didn't have one one one one one of those this week. But if you're hankering like uh you know okay for for for for for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha Sasha T show well I mean so so. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training training training training training cards podcast and video series we have um I mean you know you know know know know know rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in I mean okay um well and let's get back to business today. So So So So So I'm making this video and podcast right after you know uh okay you know know know know know Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and rebounds and and and and and rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans now like well um like that got me me me me me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports card market and uh um I I I I I mean okay Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is right. Now Now Now Now Now that okay I mean like well people can go out and buy based on what his his his his his base prism PSA tests. We going so well well so for see what we're we're we're we're we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm a I'm a colorist for film television and I mean I mean um okay okay okay okay okay everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on on on on on uh like I mean like their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine mine mine mine mine for an hour a day uh so uh okay or weeks on end depending depending depending depending depending on the project those clients might be directors writers I mean well I I I I I mean you know producers or cinematographers. It varies it varies it varies it varies varies varies varies varies it varies considerably depending on the project now our work so so uh um um um um um. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things things things things things. Sometimes it's color um so uh so but not necessarily and that is what the the the the the color couch is all about. It's like uh so um a glimpse behind the curtain curtain curtain curtain curtain of film and television the podcast will talk you know you know so well well well well well about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop well well well well well like I mean well Shop for everything related to night vision and and and and and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming I mean okay uh so out in the market, market, market, market, market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr you know I mean mean mean mean mean uh you know. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got got got got got to say folks that was you know so uh you know very impressive that that that that that he got all those words out because that was his fifth um you you you you you know uh uh attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say say say say say is hey well uh uh like y'all welcome to the late night vision show show show show show and that he Fumbled it. We this okay well I mean so is a this this this this this is a one-take show. So if there's any hiccups or problems, um you know well well well well well I mean it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling rolling rolling rolling rolling and so like um okay man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well okay you know like Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could could could could could you get anything better at I mean okay so well something that's free. There's also also also also also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so so well uh uh uh uh uh podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute your your your your your podcast for you know like um um you. So it can be heard on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more I mean so well so you can make money money money money money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything you well well well well well okay okay I mean need to make. Podcast at one place download the free free free free free anchor app or so like so uh go to Anchor dot f f f f f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM I mean well um um um um um uh to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and and and and and be I mean um I mean like immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go go go go go coming at you week three, but four you um like like well probably week one one one one one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do what do what do what do what do you do baby boo and sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar live in to grow Nancy? And you and you and you and you and and and and and you know okay you know uh this is a sip and chill show Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the second episode. It like okay well so is the beginning of a fresh fresh fresh fresh fresh new start which means a whole nother month a well I mean mean mean mean mean well you know whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody somebody somebody somebody somebody new this week so so uh like next week the following week. You have have have have have a 30-something days and get your money up like so okay well. And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby you know know know know know well I mean well. Shout out shout out shout out shout out shout out to to to to to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find well well well well well uh well so defensive listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former former former former former Italian Prime Minister okay well so like Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead dead dead dead dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking okay uh um I mean him to work work work work work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the uh like um you you you you you know car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across you you you you you know um so so the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want want want want want from me? okay well okay well okay well okay well okay well so I I I I I mean But his captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one one one one one of three waiting I mean uh well so Fiats and sped off. Inside the car car car car car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from well okay like well his face and and and and and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we yo, we yo, we yo, we yo, we back episode 2 no no no no no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with I mean you know well well well well well I mean the body lacks. We got we got we got we got got got got got we got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk like you know know know know know like like anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth. She just I mean you know okay you know ate shaking like a a a a a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but you know uh uh uh uh uh I mean um All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright Alright Alright Alright Alright. So what um uh you know like we talked about today today is a good good good good good one today. Just not back when I'm um um you know I mean gonna say say say say say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're I mean so so so so so you know like saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to to to to to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so so well uh okay listen. Congratulations on qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to um I mean mean mean mean mean uh um 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to to to to to this one you like you know you know I mean Cycles kind of of of of of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics I mean mean mean mean mean you know like um. Do you do you do you do you do you take take take take take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, I I I I I mean um you know uh if you've been following us over the past couple of of of of of episodes you well so well well would have noticed that we started a new new new new new series but the Foreigner lifestyle well um I mean well now, we've already had dr dr dr dr dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily I mean um um well well well well well. Then we had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this so so so so so so uh so episode. We kind we kind we kind we kind we we we we we kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera well well well well well uh um well. Joining us joining us joining us joining us joining us and and and and and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to to to to to us uh I mean so okay as a gift as we engage with the spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual truth of fasting. So thank so thank so thank so thank so thank okay you you you you you know uh I mean you Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So So So So So your mom you're a like so you know like loving wife and you've you've you've you've you've been here. I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent well well well well well so okay uh hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So So So So So you're so you're so you're so you're so you're going to kind of like like like like like like well so just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric elbow dislocation well well I mean um from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow elbow elbow elbow elbow dislocations usually occur in older children okay you know okay well defined as between between between between between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with other elbow fractures including okay okay okay okay okay well you know well a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment fragment fragment fragment fragment treatment is usually closed well like like I mean reduction followed by brief immobilization unless unless unless unless unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment in um well you know you know the the the the the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to you you you you you know uh okay okay six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male male male male male to female ratio is 3 2 I mean uh okay I mean 1 these these these these these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And you know know know know know well uh so these are very rare in younger children less than than than than than three years old the mechanism of you know I mean uh okay a pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying staying staying staying staying healthy. Today okay so like uh we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But But But But But first of all, I'd like to like like well you know introduce myself to those those those those those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a I'm a board um so well uh certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Oxford, Oxford, Oxford, Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 you know so um well patients patients patients patients patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually so so so so so so uh uh have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU ICU ICU ICU ICU and critical uh I mean uh uh heal patients. So literally my patients have been been been been been very worried about the core virus you know well okay like and to be honest honest honest honest honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore and therefore and therefore therefore therefore therefore therefore and therefore and therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is is is is is okay well um um the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a a a a a platform that speaking of which uses well um um okay and it's awesome because because because because because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and so um uh uh uh uh uh okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So okay so okay so okay so okay so okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you can I I I I I mean like um so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's it's it's it's it's everything that you need to okay I mean so okay make a podcast in in in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um uh so I I I I I mean dot f m-- to get started. If you if you if you if you you you you you if you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee schnee schnee schnee schnee. Ask so I mean well I mean Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going going going going going to come up with a name for okay you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional um um um um um um um I mean content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So this is something that like so I mean well is interesting for for for for for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for this this this this this um you know like uh anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's it's it's it's it's free. There are there are there are there are there are tools uh well well well well well so well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your phone so uh um so. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was was was was was actually recorded on my phone I mean okay well so and uploaded all my my my my my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the so um like you know podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point uh you you you you you know like okay. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of of of of of challenges well I mean you know like a lot of obstacles and these were were were were were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience I mean well like uh of of of of of 26 years. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here to guide guide guide guide guide you join me as I go along so you know um like you're joining the words words words words words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual which virtual which virtual which virtual which virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual met the business mentor? Hey, well uh so um have you heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, okay like uh well well well well well I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it well uh uh uh uh uh like uh engine. Oh when oh when oh when oh when oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, welcome back to the the the the the project Prima podcast. I have I have I have I have I have with me me me me me today the uh uh like you know lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to to to to to introduce you to her. She is you know uh okay you know a fantastic lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I mean okay you know know know know know um I wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions questions questions questions questions about like so well like ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your your your your your best self and frankly. I don't well um uh like feel qualified to talk to to to to to about that but I do think that Kathleen has so I mean you know you you you you you know a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi Hi Hi Hi Hi okay I mean like I mean everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I I I I I am Kathleen child. I am okay I mean uh I mean a mom of two two two two two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and and and and and you know you know uh I mean days. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass so you you you you you know I mean uh Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys guys guys guys guys and gals to his uh like I mean I mean right is is is is is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it um okay you you you you you know uh going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can can can can can okay like okay so hear him. I don't know if you guys guys guys guys guys can hear him. And then and then and then and then and then tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight we welcome you know okay um so on a very very special guest guest guest guest guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have I I I I I have I have I have I have my homegirl uh so you know so my my my my my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, what's good? well you know you know well It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who who who who who you are. Like, what do you uh you know like um do like like like like like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I I I I I you know you know okay like do. I don't like to limit too much with with with with with the words. But um, I kind I mean okay so so of do a a a a a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner reiki practitioner reiki practitioner reiki practitioner reiki practitioner integrated integrated integrated integrated integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm I mean um so you know amongst other things yoga yoga yoga yoga yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you okay okay okay okay here here here here here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit um like okay okay okay okay okay like myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process process process process process of uh like okay so making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr dr dr dr dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you you you you you doing I mean okay like so hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All All All All All right. What do what do what do what do what do you want I I I I I mean uh so you know to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know know know know know there's not much stock um okay I mean I mean boat. We still haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback um um so you know kids kids kids kids kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I okay, I okay, I I I I I okay, I okay, I believe off the well um like well where we thought we we we we we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about um so so so so so you know like house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to to to to to get sucked back in well well okay um. Yep. And then I think you were were were were were to it's like when fully back you know so I mean um on board board board board board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that like like like like like like I mean okay podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been hurt you know okay like like like like like you know too many times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast we switched uh uh you know well but I was still whatever. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm okay well so so so so so like proud. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not fully back. They've They've They've They've They've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked they've sucked me in that Columbus game game game game game. Got me back so um you know okay to being like, I think I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll die for this team. I think I think I think I think I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're we're we're we're we're featuring the first of two episodes on um um okay um the big burn burn burn burn burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people you know like well well perished perished perished perished perished in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change uh uh uh uh uh um I mean uh the way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase increase increase increase increase the budget for the like uh like like u.s. Forest service to hear more episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes like this follow natural disasters free on um uh I mean um Spotify. Wherever you you you you you get your podcasts. Due to due to due to due to due to to to to to the graphic consequences of today's disaster um so so you know listener discretion is advised advised advised advised advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 okay so um okay pm pm pm pm pm. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of of of of of young okay like like so volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is richie is richie richie richie richie richie is richie is richie is joining me again, and so you know well uh uh uh uh uh we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started started started started started the painting you know okay you know you know that I talked about last last last last last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the so uh I mean mean mean mean mean well tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice uh uh uh uh uh I mean so okay when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting starting starting starting starting and finishing this like okay I mean you know podcast is brought to you you you you you by my online class layer by layer where you will like you know um um um um um um see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So So So So So if uh okay okay um you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura horn art.com forward you know well well okay slash classes click on layer by layer layer layer layer layer and don't forget to use I mean I mean um okay the coupon code. The coupon coupon coupon coupon coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you um like I I I I I mean okay will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So So So So So that's so that's so that's so that's so that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets offsets offsets offsets offsets. Whether this well you know okay um is your first time tuning in or you're you're you're you're you're returning guest. Thank you so much um I mean like uh for your support. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me okay you know so so so so so so is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody Cody Cody Cody Cody. Remember, excuse me I mean okay okay so. If you're if you're if you're if if if if if you're if you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is is is is is I mean okay okay like. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline outline outline outline outline all things. Faucets related we talked so um uh okay to folks from the staff staff staff staff staff here. We do we do we do we do we do industry Trends or or or or or events. So yeah, like uh uh okay we just kind of cover it all remember remember remember remember remember if you need Wheels tires suspension so so uh um custom offsets is the the the the the place you're going to want to head on over to you know well I mean mean mean mean mean like you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway giveaway yesterday and like well okay uh it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with with with with with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle okay okay okay okay okay uh okay okay an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been been been been been a fucking week yesterday so uh so well was it was sick sick sick sick sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with uh so well well us us us us us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but now now now now now but now but now but now but I mean I mean you know like like like like like yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity cavity cavity cavity cavity was on gravity you know you know okay so Mero Mero Beyond pain was was was was was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose you know so you know know know know know like brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it it it it it was I mean I mean I mean I mean if you didn't lose brain cells, I I I I I don't I don't know what you're okay like like well doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. Let like um okay um me explain. It's a proof. There are there are are are are are there are there are there are certain tools that allow you to record and you know know know know know so like okay edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast okay um uh you know for you. So it so it so it it it it it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many more I mean uh like I mean you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well like um uh you need to make make make make make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a I mean you know know know know know okay like question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has everybody has has has has has everybody has everybody has everybody has a dream okay like uh so life. We all have have have have have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live like uh um okay okay okay okay okay my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would okay okay okay okay okay well I mean um say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere somewhere close to it seems impossible okay you know well so. It's too hard. It doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't okay okay you know well well well well well have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go go go go go okay okay like you know Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light light light light light tail is life saving. Once upon like well um um a time in in in in in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received an invitation I I I I I mean um you know well to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket but due I mean well well uh to the peak season had to to to to to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a well like I mean well frequent flyer flyer flyer flyer flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for for for for for well I mean so so him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast I I I I I mean so okay you know the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see see see see see a change in our like you know well so industry who are ready ready ready ready ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part so like so you know of of of of of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting you know you you you you you know I mean like impact on this world. Are you up for the challenge now? now now now now Let's get into the well well well so show. I'm here today with a special guest guest guest guest guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, well well, well well, well well, well well, well, well, well, well, well so like like I've never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I I I I I said your last name right? I mean so you know like You You You You You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean um I mean like let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus Gus Gus Gus Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business um okay well like name is starboard editing and I do do do do do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to I I I I I mean well like so our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part part part part part of this series. We've you know so you know like sat down with some exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what makes I mean you you you you you know uh so them tick additionally. We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk talk talk talk talk we'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's well well so so so so so I mean day. We hope we hope we hope we hope we hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We okay like well I mean mean mean mean mean sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group you you you you you know uh um you know Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry industry industry industry industry the majority of them okay uh okay okay being in senior leadership roles. I also also also also also had the privilege of working with Jackie like um you know um at Chandler Chandler Chandler Chandler Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned tuned tuned tuned tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk like okay so um now. It was was was was was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new well well well well well well you know like gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like like like like like a super show. We have uh so well well so much new to get through through through through through so much gossip II just they stayed with okay um like okay me girl. Stay Stay Stay Stay Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my so you know know know know know you know um immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy Daddy love like I mean okay uh having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In In In In In. Okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's okay, let's start with AB uh you you you you you know okay I mean pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers prayers prayers prayers prayers up. First so uh well I mean of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly reportedly reportedly reportedly reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world uh uh uh uh uh you know like okay. It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time time time time time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host well okay um um um um um um other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the the the the the start um I mean okay uh of any number two. And before we get get get get get going we want to give a big I mean okay well okay shout-out to our our our our our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier okay so well you know know know know know enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over over over over over to okay I mean okay okay their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an an an an an array of great well like I mean like training gloves anywhere from the donut to to to to to The Equalizer to the focus framer or uh I mean you know um even even even even even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our so like so well well well well well weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your like you know know know know know you know um a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast helpful to fulfill well okay like well your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified chartered surveyor, this week's so you know you know okay blog. We take a look look look look look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you like okay uh uh uh uh uh uh and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now now now now now have you know okay so well official clarification from our ICS on the issue for for for for for you firstly. What is the like so I mean so six-year rule in the Ric Ric Ric Ric Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you like okay okay you you you you you know enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of so I mean mean mean mean mean um okay the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and in in in in in and in and in and in and around us. In fact, um uh so okay okay okay okay okay even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially you know know know know know well so um energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny cells well you know okay uh and tighten cells into Small little Adam and and and and and Adam in two electrons. What are they? um I mean so uh They are Energies. They They They They They are a form of energy your body is in energy um um uh I mean mean mean mean mean. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we so we so we so we so we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is this is this is this is is is is is this is your host Victoria Philippi like well uh you know. The run for for for for for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your well well well well well okay I mean like training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert expert expert expert expert run coaches and athletes the uh okay I mean well questions that you've been been been been been dying to know the answers to we will get the uh so like uh inside inside inside inside inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be okay okay okay okay okay um so well. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, how did they get so fast um well like um well, This podcast is is is is is for you. We are going to do a deep dive like um uh uh uh uh uh uh to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain gain gain gain gain um I mean I mean well endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who who who who who has a previous background in a like um um like robic sports, like distance swimming biking biking biking biking biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some you know know know know know I mean like uh have been through multiple exits others. This is this is this this this this this is this is this is a first-time kind of thing, but you know know know know know so um okay they all have one common thread which is they know where where where where where there's a pain in sports okay so you know well or Esports. They know they they they they they have a solution for that and they know that you know uh okay like there there there there there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening you're listening listening listening listening listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to so you know okay well sports Tech feed the the the the the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen so I mean you you you you you know well to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have have have have have you know well I mean I mean you joining us. Once again, we've got got got got got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with um well you know um um um um um Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia Stadia is a global you know uh like um Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund fund fund fund fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports I mean you know so well. They've had had had had had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay you know successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa you know well well okay Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm so I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host okay uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not not not not not any astrologer. She is I mean like so okay the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's She's She's She's She's written two books working on a okay okay so so third. She's basically like the the the the the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm I mean mean mean mean mean I mean um you know gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire so like uh well you can ever ever ever ever ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I I I I I okay like um so just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through through through through through like I mean so I mean website. She just gave me one one one one one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers it's Chompers it's it's it's it's it's Chompers time your morning and night uh so okay um toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side um um uh okay and brush brush brush brush brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its I mean you you you you you know um um heroines week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman woman woman woman woman. Whose hard work helped well well like um black women all over America America America America America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame I mean I mean mean mean mean mean well you know CJ Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was was was was was born in I mean I mean um um 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time time time time time making enough money to feed herself okay so I mean well and her daughter Laila Laila Laila Laila Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today today today today today like like so well. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset to help you achieve okay so um uh a more successful and fulfilling life life life life life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's so you know like um do do do do do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for so so so so so you know okay you know many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early early early early early on in your life or like so well uh did it come a bit later later later later later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and well uh you know like like like like like yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general like um um um um um okay uh and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope hope hope hope hope I mean so okay okay y'all are growing in your faith some some some some some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, you know so okay like so don't don't don't don't don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button um well well well well well you know okay. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of of of of of you. If you I mean I mean okay okay could smash the Subscribe button, button, button, button, button, it means a lot to us and it gets okay you know so uh uh uh uh uh the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, now, now, now, now, well well so okay let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good Good Good Good Good man, great. Uh-huh. All well all well all well all well all well uh uh uh uh uh uh um right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something something something something something about that, well I mean you know um right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all are y'all are y'all are y'all are probably the power just like I'm a a a a a skip okay so well I mean to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, today's topic. We are uh I mean okay well still on our demonic Church Church Church Church Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few okay uh um like here and and and and and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't like like like like like so um okay heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because because because because because one it's free well okay well uh and there's a lot of creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay I mean um okay your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And so so so so so I mean I mean um once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed distributed distributed distributed distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so like well like uh you can make easy easy easy easy easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing well well well okay your Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor Taylor or some of you may know me like um well uh as tells and this this this this this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an I mean well you know so Excel as as as as as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we um okay okay okay okay okay well so know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your your your your your host so um uh uh Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of of of of of an intro for the podcast so I mean I mean like in which I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to so you know know know know know well uh be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is is is is is talk so um well okay a little bit about our community. And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's kind of go through the basics um like um so before we get any further for for for for for now. I'll just I'll just I'll just I'll just I'll just play you in with some some some some some music and then we'll get started. See you see you see you see you see you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views the views the views the views the views and opinions expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay okay um um well or reflect those those those those those of the company and its management for their more the views and uh like like like like like uh uh opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric uh uh uh uh uh like okay I mean McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy guy guy guy guy Avid baseball fan and he okay uh you know like gave us 40 minutes of of of of of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips uh like so you know know know know know and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how how how how how they you know like um like can A&R their own projects. But then as they start start start start start to progress in their career well okay like okay how they can start to, you you you you you know, reach out to you know, bigger and you know so um okay ours ours ours ours ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this this this this this um so uh so is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show show show show show if you guys are I mean you know so I mean looking for more information information information information information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out okay well well well well well like well at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric Eric Eric Eric Eric McClellan former A&R at I mean uh okay you know Warner Music Group Group Group Group Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So like like I mean mean mean mean mean you know yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network Network Network Network Network okay okay okay um. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for for for for for um okay like you know you today. Today. We're going to dive into the the the the the world of Animation. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an an an an an amazing guest with me a um so uh well first-hand animator and one one one one one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody uh well so I I I I I mean look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get get get get get him on um like uh uh the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me me me me me and Andrew always okay you know like so talk about animated films. So we thought thought thought thought thought this would be you know, the perfect category um so so like to kind kind kind kind kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five five five five five minutes talk uh well I mean uh on experience and shortcuts those of you you you you you who have been listening to me for a so so like you you you you you know while have been following me on the internet out there in the social social social social social media so um you know like Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of of of of of experience trumps everything actually created a well like like I mean hashtag experience trumps trumps trumps trumps trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a step not skipping you know you know I I I I I mean um the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering mastering mastering mastering mastering anything like well you know I mean in this world, especially sharpening your your your your your skills as a nurse you need experience um so you know so. There is nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score last last last last last uh I mean uh well night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the the the the the Houston Rockets just a okay well you know okay waste of time of us trying to to to to to win so we can get a higher well um you know well spot. What does it it it it it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's like I mean I I I I I mean like a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the um um um um um I mean well like point besides that Besides you I have sold my my my my my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr okay so so you know. PSA 10. I had had had had had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and you you you you you know I mean you know okay sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Now I had this you know well uh um card for $125 for the longest longest longest longest longest time and I took it off because I was uh okay so you know know know know know afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your your your your your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast so okay um so. Thank you so much much much much much for listening. If you'd if you'd if you'd if you'd if you'd like to support support support support support us more. Please um you know so you know head over to our website dear skate skate skate skate skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some um so I I I I I mean okay pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to to to to to you know well well uh our patreon page and see what how you can can can can can support us monthly. We love uh like okay well bringing you awesome content just just just just just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the like well okay I mean mean mean mean mean show. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope you brought brought brought brought brought you know okay uh I mean your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the the the the the I mean okay I mean well woods with DDS a thank you guys guys guys guys guys so much for tuning in and so okay you know I mean we look forward to to to to to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so um you know so so so so so I mean much for tuning in again. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is the first episode of in the woods with well well uh I mean mean mean mean mean EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of of of of of uh well well I mean these that we do we also plan to have a a a a a lot of different different you know okay like I mean guest on the show show show show show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going um uh uh uh uh uh so okay to be going to be helping out and joining us the first first first first first of which okay uh well I mean is my very own younger, brother brother brother brother brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was you know so um you know know know know know going on? Everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody just everybody just happy to be here here here here here. He's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy he's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm so so so so so okay like I mean just here to let you guys know that anchor is is is is is the best way to make a okay like so okay podcast online. If you're looking looking looking looking looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to like I mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean make a podcast. It gives it gives it gives it it it it it gives it gives you everything you need in one place for free, you know well like you you you you you know which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools you you you you you know I mean um like allows you to record and edit your podcast. So So So So So it sounds even better. They'll okay I mean uh well distribute your podcast for you you you you you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple okay so uh um podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with okay okay okay okay okay so um so no minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money money money money money from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag I mean okay um you know know know know know Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing addressing addressing addressing addressing okay like okay well probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of of of of of all well uh okay so time Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to tell you that he's I mean I mean you know so staying put put put put put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it it it it it I mean um uh I mean just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like like like like like him somebody that has been okay well you know so in the NFL for just just just just just about 20 years spent it all with one team just uh I I I I I mean well like doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make make make make make sense to me. So uh well so like it doesn't make sense to me for this this this this this man the go out and play for like uh I mean you know another team team team team team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England England England England England Patriots. It just it just it just it just it just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way um um um um um um uh well to get you going. All you all you all you all you you you you you all you have to do is go to Anchor okay okay so um dot. F F F F F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started and you know what? It's It's It's It's It's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally it's totally free just I mean you you you you you know like so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and and and and and you're so like uh so on your way to your own podcast. You can have have have have have fun. You can talk um okay you know uh about whatever you want to talk about about about about about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever I mean well well I I I I I mean you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once okay okay okay okay okay uh well like again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- like I mean so um in you on your way. He's He's He's He's He's not going back again. Another segment of the um you know well uh roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard heard heard heard heard about anchor its easiest way you know well so I mean to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow um like so uh you to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute I mean okay you you you you you know so our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many you know I mean uh like more you can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need uh I mean I mean mean mean mean mean uh to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your your your your your for your for your for your for your um I mean you know know know know know uh phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet internet internet internet internet well I mean okay um people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about about about about about a meme and it's uh I mean you know I mean not just a a a a a meme in the sense of an image. It's an idea that uh I mean mean mean mean mean okay you know people have and we're going to look into it understand that that that that that nothing. I like I like I like I like I like so um like like like like like say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam well um um um um um uh like Kaplan Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't can't can't can't can't get I mean like I mean like enough free agency. I mean Harold, I I I I I mean, yeah, you know what you left like um okay okay okay we we we we we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a a a a a uh like okay uh record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know know know know know we were in Indianapolis. We um um well um did our free free free free free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we okay well I I I I I mean so both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Byron Byron Byron Byron Jones scoop. So uh okay you know okay we're really happy that we got great great great great great feedback on it and that people really you know well um you you you you you know listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's it's it's it's it's um you know like you know confusing because we release the last two episodes episodes episodes episodes episodes out of order. When one one I mean you know um like three two. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how oh, how will how will they trust how how how how how will our fans? How are I mean okay so I mean we gonna get through this this this this this as a group? I think I think that all hate I mean um you know know know know know okay mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an an an an an avant-garde movie where uh okay um okay they Least like where it's like they they they they they don't show you the current timeline like Witcher okay well okay so. I've hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm playing would um um um um um um I mean okay you right now? It's ruining it's ruining it's ruining it's it's it's it's it's ruining it's ruining my life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you get um um um um um well uh I mean so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So So So So So what are okay so okay you know your biggest Skyrim breath of the the the the the wild and now which are you like medieval you know um okay well don't don't don't don't don't you I do. What about war? What about what about what about what about about about about about what about like like guns big fan of well like um so shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a brief moment moment moment moment moment to give you guys a little idea like like you know okay how we do it it it it it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor uh okay I mean I I I I I mean dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different different different different different platforms um well so uh. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's there's there's there's there's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from I mean mean mean mean mean so you know well your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m m m m m or like like um like Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is is is is is brought to you by I mean I mean you know you know jig jig jig jig jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and so well well well well well well you know use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig jig jig jig jig order um I mean I mean uh today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets pallets pallets pallets pallets and podcast. This is this is this is this is this is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised I I I I I mean I mean okay well a bear and lower the tone all things FPL FPL FPL FPL FPL related this week folks. We are uh so well you know going to take take take take take you on a journey blank to the Future and before um okay you know uh uh uh uh uh you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's so like like like like like like like a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not not not not not in you know like uh okay this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week week week week week that saw several Blast from the Past tear well um I mean okay up up up up up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film film film film film you know I mean I mean like references and of course I'm talking about the the the the the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which okay I mean I mean like Drew assisted assisted assisted assisted assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he I mean you you you you you know okay like could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of of of of of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing Crossing okay okay okay um episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay Hiller one of our newest okay you know well okay patreon patrons today today today today today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions so so so so so so like well talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there there there there there I mean well okay like will be a very special interview with Great Fairy Fairy Fairy Fairy Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing um I mean okay you know Animal Crossing New New New New New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you how you how how how how how you how you how you I mean I mean you know so doing? Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really so um well uh uh uh uh uh productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's It's It's It's It's okay I mean so um been filled with a lot of news and then I I I I I also got some amiibo you know like well okay cards. I mean putting putting putting putting putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to to to to to well uh uh uh say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in in in in in today. I am going you know you know like so to focus on a very very very very very touchy topic. This is this is this is this is this is a topic that's very close close close close close to um uh uh so my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I I I I I just decided today that you know my uh uh okay um needed to you know, know, know, know, know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally I mean so okay like like like like like. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine mine mine mine mine other I mean uh um uh things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode episode episode episode episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke you know so I mean I I I I I mean Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just I just just just just just I just I just I just want to say okay so uh like thank thank thank thank thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh Instagram following and just giving a real sense sense sense sense sense of community around this podcast uh uh well like. So thank you to everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's um so like so Premier Premier Premier Premier Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the well well well well well like so uh bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil 3-nil. It was it was it was it was it was uh well I mean well well well well well quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first the first the first first first first first the first the first loss that you go off so you know um um um um um um is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one one one one one exactly one point um I mean okay um off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media media media media media so like okay so a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories stories stories stories stories insights I mean so so you know experimentation and learnings to help you and and and and and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186 so you know so well. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on on on on on okay okay so you know a brand new 10 times version of the science science science science science of social media. We I mean um I mean um can't wait to share share share share share it with you in just a few weeks. In the um you know well well well well well well meantime. We wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted we wanted to revisit a really really really really really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of um um okay you know the most essential essential essential essential essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere I mean you you you you you know uh um websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in this episode episode episode episode episode. We'll so okay you know uh give you the tools to write exceptional copy copy copy copy copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a a a a a well um uh um daily devotional where we dig into God's word word word word word and explore what it means to live with so so I mean well. Hope in Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus. Hope that hope that hope that hope that hope that is exactly what Paul is is is is is talking about here in I mean well you know so 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going going going going going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 um I mean um uh uh uh uh uh today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if if if if if the tent uh I mean you know well that is our Earthly Earthly Earthly Earthly Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a house well I mean you know know know know know okay not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if if if if if indeed by putting it um well uh like on we may not be found naked for for for for for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want like okay okay okay okay okay I mean like to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the the the the the app that I use to record I mean you know I mean uh my my my my my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it it it it it well I mean I mean okay allows you to use tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast straight from so you know you know well your phone phone phone phone phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well after it's okay I I I I I mean uh you know been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so I can be okay uh uh um heard on Spotify app app app app app a podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from I mean mean mean mean mean you know okay like your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in so I I I I I mean well well one place download the free anchor app or go to to to to to Anchor dot fm to um you know um I mean get started. Before I start this this this this this podcast, I just want to let you guys um um okay um know know know know know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now now now now now um uh um like. It's only it's only it's only it's only it's only only only only only going through the left here. I want to believe because that's just the like like like like like well like like way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, data, data, data, data, okay so I mean well we save teachers hours each week by bringing them them them them them quality downloadable teaching resources for so um like okay their classrooms to make your your your your your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on you know you know okay okay okay okay okay you know here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching teaching teaching teaching teaching. Please rate well well uh um and review us any Apple podcast app and and and and and help us to reach more teachers gears so like okay I mean. Have you heard heard heard heard heard of the daily? 5 Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali 5Ali is a passionate teacher um um um um um like well so who is has used this source and program to engage in in in in in Delight so well I mean um how beautiful students she's a huge fan of of of of of the daily 5 and she documents I mean well okay like her students students students students students learnings on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has has has has has okay like so okay been a game-changer for her and her students. My students students students students students my students my students my students my students came to school on like uh so okay okay okay okay okay the second day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and I I I I I mean you know like uh that for me I was just sold so so so so so I knew it was worth it well I mean um um. Welcome Ellie. Thank you you you you you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are like well well well well well so um you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even even even even even happier. Well, uh well, uh well, uh well, uh well, uh uh okay um I I I I I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest okay okay okay okay okay uh well um. Oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get get get get get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that okay okay okay okay okay okay uh you know now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis Davis Davis Davis Davis is looking into the okay you know well you know foreign exchange program program program program program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty like like like like like I mean like I mean. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's that's that's that's that's what you're after. You know why uh okay like I mean they call her her her her her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of um um well so them in in in in in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 20 20 20 20 uh okay like well minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy shy shy shy shy of an A+. Look point you know uh okay well is the the the the the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not about to give her up for um like like like like like you know okay a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think think think think think chili um I mean I mean uh dog will be a great fit in the the the the the halls of our school and coming to um okay I mean well Barcelona will will will will will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance Teleperformance Teleperformance Teleperformance Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Cisco like uh um well Kid metal metal metal metal metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh well like like like like like well uh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing person with a I mean well okay so beautiful leadership. His leadership his leadership his leadership his his his his his leadership his leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about the people people people people people you like well so you know put together. I want to take advantage advantage advantage advantage advantage of this to share with you guys. The I mean well uh you know know know know know fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super Super Super Super Super Ten and so um I mean so it's because of you guys you guys guys guys guys guys are all phenomenal and it's all about what we I mean uh okay um have have have have have built and where we were going. He's other he's other he's other he's other he's he's he's he's he's other portion of his leadership is well I mean um um scouting on profitable part part part part part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation um I I I I I mean so okay coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in in in in in my like so um well life. I bucked Authority. I can I can I I I I I can I can I can that stance which email Authority could not stand like so so so so so well well it. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and and and and and said, so uh uh okay oh you should be making more black art. Are Are Are Are Are you should be making more black looking so okay so I mean things. I would would would would would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug you know know know know know I mean so well. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the the the the the first in a I mean uh like uh series of very special live episodes recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded right here at the Armory show in New York so you know I mean you you you you you know City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check check check check check out one of I mean like well um the hottest art fairs in in in in in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens queens queens queens queens and everything in between what boom like um well so you're listening to the the the the the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy well uh I mean uh Sykes Sykes Sykes Sykes Sykes. Thank you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness um okay okay okay okay okay you know you know insanity fuckery. If this is your first time listening to the the the the the podcast shame on you start you know so so I mean from the the the the the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to like I mean mean mean mean mean um I mean rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but but but but but you should pour okay okay um like yourself a drink because I like to to to to to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you have you have you have you have you heard about anchor? It's actually actually actually actually actually what I'm using right now to so you know okay well record my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast episodes. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been using it for for for for for the last several months and I um okay um uh absolutely love it. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way I mean well uh like to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow okay okay okay okay okay I mean well you know you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or a computer anchor um like well I mean will even distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on um um okay um um um um um On Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can even make money from your your your your your uh uh like well podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need to make a podcast in one so I mean well okay place. All you you you you you have to do is download the free anchor app or go okay so you know know know know know so to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I got a question about extended extended extended extended extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd and I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you well I I I I I mean like uh haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your your your your your life together, but okay you know like you know if you haven't heard about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and uh uh I mean okay I I I I I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation there's there's there's there's there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation you know okay I mean um tools that allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or uh you know know know know know I mean um your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing it uh I mean you know I mean from my phone. In addition to that it it it it it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your like um I mean you know know know know know podcast for you. So can so can so can so can so can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row I mean like I mean mean mean mean mean like many more dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make make make make make money so like you know like from your podcast with no minimum listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, which is awesome for me because I like so you know I mean probably had had had had had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make like you know know know know know uh you know in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night night night night night toothbrushing okay like uh um show start brushing on the top of your mouth and and and and and brush a little circles all um okay you know like the way around each tube three, three, three, three, three, it's heroines week. And today's and today's and today's and today's and today's hero is is is is is Emily Warren Roebling? you know I mean well uh Have you ever heard of the the the the the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge in New I mean okay so so so so so like York City the goes over a big river and it's beautiful people from from from from from all I mean so um well over the world come to to to to to New York each year and take pictures of uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge but that you you you you you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is dr. POL POL POL POL POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on uh well uh okay the John Hopkins database database database database database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred well uh like uh twenty twenty twenty twenty twenty seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United United United United United I mean like well I mean States. We have we have we have we we we we we have we have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not we're not we're not not not not not we're not we're not at one. 102 cases uh I mean um um um um um um confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had had had had had any you know you know um you know deaths in California. And so and so so so so so and so and so and so there might be something specific look going on in um um um um um uh uh like terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia from our villains um you know uh you know podcast. He was he was was was was was he was he was he was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by by by by by the end of so so uh you know the 1920s. He was one of the the the the the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the like you know okay so criminal underworld underworld underworld underworld underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or so well well well well well you know so wherever you get your podcasts. On the on the on the on on on on on the on the bank of the Hudson River North of New York so like well um um um um um City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921 1921 1921 1921 1921. The um um like uh criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst worst worst worst worst many of them were so uh okay like there for Life others for death by by by by by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome well okay so um to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories stories stories stories stories that people would like uh um okay well to talk about with your view to give give give give give lessons that they learned from their experiences um you know um well. We hope you find find find find find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson like uh okay okay okay okay okay okay behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in this episode. We are so so so so so like like um outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly where but like well so um it is hella windy here. What is is is is is happening here with the weather. Lord knows cheese it is, I mean you know uh I I I I I mean you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff. People kind kind kind kind kind of like you know um so Penny but this is next level. I I I I I am I am I am I am I am not used to this. How'd you you you you you um like okay uh guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise raise raise raise raise yourself. Let's not I mean like okay you know even go there. So this this this this this so this so this so this so this has been a meeting that's been in the the the the the I mean well okay so making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites. We're We're We're We're We're offering our listeners some additional content about uh um like um the world of of of of of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most uh I mean mean mean mean mean so so notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring exploring exploring exploring exploring the most so so well um fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as as as as as Network. We've collected short clips from okay um I mean you know some of of of of of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like okay uh so uh motivation method and and and and and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can you know you know know know know know okay um find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to to to to to podcasts a you know I mean um you know list of episodes that we we we we we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing you know I mean mean mean mean mean um uh cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and John okay okay okay okay okay okay um you know which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what what what what what needs to be understood okay uh you know so about a medieval village, is that that that that that obviously in the medieval period things um okay uh like were very different different different different different in regards to how people lived. So most people in um uh you know okay England England England England England lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you like I I I I I mean well like were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did did did did did face a uh you know so like constant struggle to survive and live tended tended tended tended tended to be very short for so for those so well well you know people people people people people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as you know you you you you you know well like 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a a a a a medieval village was all so uh I mean well based around one concept and that was was was was was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the now the now the now the now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name my name my name my name my name is Rachel Braun Braun Braun Braun Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and you know well so um brains brains brains brains brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach you you you you you know um so like so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion Lion Lion Lion Lion so I actually I mean okay like well knew a little bit about Zach Zach Zach Zach Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany um okay like uh uh uh uh uh Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of of of of of said okay you know you know um that the The line was actually in in in in in our major. So I had a little heads-up uh I mean like okay who is is is is is going to be but not really a lot of people have had so you know like well well well well well classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn Penn Penn Penn Penn State. It's well like okay um kept secret till their senior year who who who who who our mascot is and a few months ago uh okay uh um during football season, right right right right right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want you want want want want want you want you want you want to so uh like I mean give us us us us us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my so, my so, my so, my my my my my so, my name is Zach. So okay like I mean like I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been we've been we've been we've been been been been been we've been a bit delayed in having so okay okay so the massively same same same same same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro okay um uh uh uh uh uh um there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are okay okay okay okay okay um I mean okay the toffee Blues. It's all be in America about about about about about a cat America and like uh well I mean this week. I'm you I'm you I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you I'm you I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, America, America, America, America, I'm gonna I mean I mean well um go on to talk about that shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly. It's light its which and big old like so you know you know Mitch and we've we've we've we've we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll okay okay okay okay okay okay um well just go as we always do talking about the game that happened happened happened happened happened yesterday. You may so okay uh well see that I've barely got a voice and and and and and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be I I I I I mean so um I mean your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all all all all all the tips and tools uh I mean like uh you need to to to to to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your I mean I I I I I mean well like dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I I I I I want to um I mean you know okay fill you in on one of of of of of my key marketing strategies that has worked really you know um okay um effectively over the the the the the past year. And that and that and that and that and that is using this this this this this podcast as a so well I mean well platform to share my message to connect connect connect connect connect with more like-minded human beings and really so like well well to bring new new new new new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way okay I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is Is Is Is Is he so you know um um talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near near near near near the bottom of um like I mean uh the mood about to analyze the first first first first first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta I mean you know so like like like like like near Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house house house house house um like like okay and either places something into the hand of the ball by it it it it it or take something well I mean like okay out of his open hand and brings it it it it it out and then D is high up well you know I mean um. Now I I I I I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira um okay um uh uh uh uh uh want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction the you know uh um you know notion of carrying something involves really three three three three three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting you know like I mean well which means means means means means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is you know know know know know I mean okay um traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain domain domain domain domain boundary or for modem or okay okay okay uh in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm okay okay okay okay okay so okay so Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so okay, so okay, so so, um, I mean like I mean you you you you you know I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And And And And And I work well so so so on different type of client So based off of of of of of a studio in Westford, and I I mean well like so just hope people feel better better better better better and just be able to move and have uh okay I mean I mean more energy energy energy energy energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how how how how how so I mean like you know this podcast comes to be. Remember. I started started started started started just on YouTube, but I knew that uh uh like uh I needed to to to to to get on audio. So I so I so I so I so I asked asked asked asked asked a buddy of mine who's I mean like so well a podcast producer. How do do do do do I do this? And he just told me anchor you know uh um um um um um you know use anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on on on on on the Internet. It's so like uh um also free. You can edit record your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your you know okay well I mean computer and and and and and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so um um um um um uh uh like it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and and and and and many more you can you know so okay uh make money with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You well you well you well you well well well well well you well okay you know I mean can make money from your podcast. It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a well well okay you know podcast all all all all all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today today today today today okay so I mean you know. We are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Yakima Hollis. This was a very like okay um so special episode. I like these these these these these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of so like uh okay the the the the the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And And And And And since I mean well I mean okay it was the second time we had had had had had him on we'd already covered his career uh well so so. And so I got got got got got to talk about a lot of things on this show I mean you know know know know know um okay and I had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on on on on on a okay well you know like lot of different things and we kind of of of of of went through a couple topics one so you know uh well was his little little little little little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High School in well um like uh uh uh uh uh New York. And so we talked a little bit about that and then okay you you you you you know like you know Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At you know know know know know um uh like all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like mmm, like mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, like mmm, like mmm, like my mom used to you know uh um um um um um um come into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and so so so so so like uh so try to like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just just just just just kind of paints a picture okay like so um of like boundaries. So my my my my my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at you know so okay okay okay okay okay I mean all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting setting setting setting setting okay like um okay where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how how how how how about setting? Oh like well okay okay and there's like a mirror right across from my my my my my back to our it was okay well okay okay like a glass shower. So So So So So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's like how can vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability be brought into this room uh like uh so more right? No. Yeah. She She She She She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you know uh I mean you know you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank okay I mean okay uh you for joining me again, and you will not not not not not believe it guys. I promise you uh um like like it was not planned. I I I I I have another friend with me today. She came visiting I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so okay for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get get get get get these things in okay you know okay okay order for the journey ahead and we we we we we were just having conversations about, you know, well I mean you know I mean mean mean mean mean doing things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it it it it it that I mean so you know I mean says, you know, you have to to to to to collaborate and do all those great things. But uh but uh but uh but uh but but but but but uh well like so there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular particular particular particular particular goal by yourself, you know um I mean um but me how far now you you you you you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to you know so you know know know know know well flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old old old old old daughter found brutally murdered um you know so uh in their home. And as as as as as and as and as and as and as if it couldn't get any worse, no one knows knows knows knows knows you know like uh um who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the the the the the mysterious brick of murders uh so like uh and want to hear more like like like like like it check out our series unsolved murders every I mean well well you know Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's most bewildering murders murders murders murders murders I mean I mean so like follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you you you you you listen to podcasts. Due to well so I mean I mean the graphic nature nature nature nature nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations like like like like like okay I mean so and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of of of of of a young girl okay I mean okay well that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the the the the the so okay you know um podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought brought brought brought brought to you by neht and naht um uh you know like Edge. This month's this this this this this month's this month's this month's this month's episode is a technology special in in in in in which we asked whether technology well like you know uh can support learning learning learning learning learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big so so so so so like I mean uh Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this this this this this Gus whether or not well you know you know I mean mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in in in in in well um uh like conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou. Daisy will be well um so I mean I mean known to our regular regular regular regular regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of well so so so so so you know okay a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director director director director director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the the the the the fucking like so so I mean word genus species. But back to chapter 24 24 24 24 24 to see what it actually is about today. So I mean um uh um um um um um I hope you enjoy. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to biology biology biology biology biology for bastards teaching biology and the most profane well uh so so way way way way way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks for so okay okay okay okay okay like um listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time I mean mean mean mean mean um um like this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News News News News Daily. We I mean like um okay haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie on the new season of a for the 90 like um um well days, but but but but but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from so so so so so okay uh so the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that that that that that she's dating so well you know you know a woman what you might not know about Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie Stephanie though is that she sells you know so well so naked photos of herself online online online online online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she so you know um um has content content content content content. That's a bit risque. It seems it seems it seems it seems it seems some some some some some people may have found okay like um so this out though as Stephanie took her her her her her Instagram stories to lay everything out so like I mean I mean. Out Out Out Out Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that like I mean mean mean mean mean so uh having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative creative creative creative creative projects and well you know so you know it's also helped her income in in in in in general. She ends it saying I'm you know uh like uh a hello an an an an an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything so so so so so you know like like. I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed to love love love love love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl you know know know know know like uh okay. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her her her her her body and her patreon so okay I mean okay is 18 plus. So not not not not not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you you you you you so I mean okay um who's that guy next to him? Welcome back back back back back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick Nick Nick Nick Nick um uh well you know and Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and and and and and I'm the other host Marc I mean well you know um Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy Murphy. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time well well uh uh uh uh uh well host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so Mark, so so so so so Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you so so um like like like like like guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely so so so so so I mean like like showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first first first first first we first we first we first we first met but it was well well well well well well like I mean there be but it was there. We took the we just say say say say say major so okay like like I mean we had all the same classes together and and and and and decide to sit by each other and this um so well I mean is is is is is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were we were we were we were we were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this and this and this and this and this this this this this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter uh so well um art for for for for for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her so so so so so you know well I mean illustration series follow the trees. This is a a a a a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation practice in uh uh so I mean the the the the the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who spend much you know know know know know uh uh I mean of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree tree tree tree tree planting is so so like you know like much more than the physical act of of of of of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground day uh um so you know after after after after after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories that like so so so so so you know okay last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light light light light light on the culture like well you know you know that is mostly contained within those those those those those who have stuck with shovel in the ground. It uh it uh it it it it it uh it uh it uh okay you know uh is meant to dive deep deep deep deep deep into all things tree planting as a place for I mean well you know well well well well well those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the the the podcast like okay so like in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products products products products products you should not um you know so um drop ship now when you're doing doing doing doing doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or I mean so you know like like like like like build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different different different different different well so um well levels of where you want to research to make make make make make sure you're choosing the right um well like you know products. Now, the the the the the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What so uh uh uh uh uh well uh type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you you you you you want you know you know I mean like to move to the supplier supplier supplier supplier supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are like okay so uh ones ones ones ones ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this um like like like like like you know like and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So So So So So what I'm going to like okay okay so share with you in this podcast is is is is is what to look for at all three um um okay uh levels to make sure sure sure sure sure you're not wasting your time. If you if you if you if you if if if if if you decide to build one of so like I mean um these stores and actually actually actually actually actually build a real business now before we get into it, I uh okay like like like like like like should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory orange Theory Fitness is is is is is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you like like uh you know know know know know to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to to to to to produce results like well uh like from the inside out. Our workout is backed by by by by by science and proven to burn um I mean uh okay more calories post-workout Track by technology technology technology technology technology. So you can monitor your results in well you know okay well real time time time time time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you so uh uh uh uh uh I mean okay don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get get get get get more okay uh okay you know life out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford Milford Milford Milford Milford and this Seek to help so um well like you with. All right. So, let's kick kick kick kick kick it up you guys I'm here with uh um like so Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages passages passages passages passages okay um so well to help you fall asleep. You know, I started started started started started this podcast because I've had trouble falling you know well um like asleep and and and and and I found that over the years when I listen to the word um um um um um um um like of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest so so so so so well okay okay And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let Let Let Let Let It uh you know I mean okay Be an inspiration to you To To To To To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get and get and get and get and get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this this this this this. Hey, okay um so okay you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right right right right right if you text K out um um you know uh there, how dare you I I I I I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it on um well I I I I I mean um fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic manic manic manic manic. I was okay you know I mean like like braised. I hate you. Don't leave leave leave leave leave me who came up with this list given on the bird okay okay well well well well well so. I love I love I love I love I love 7-Eleven my childhood childhood childhood childhood childhood should I sit on this couch and recline you're reacting um like um well to to to to to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller and I I I I I okay you know well well hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon soon soon soon soon everybody. Hi and welcome to well so so so my side of crazy. My name name name name name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough and I mean uh um well well well well well we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that I I I I I was I mean well you know okay supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we so we so we so we so we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is that is is is is is that is that is that is a spicy okay um so like hot take. Oh my my my my my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start well I mean mean mean mean mean like like with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back. Everyone I mean so I mean uh to know soups. Given this is is is is is a Ross cast all about the American um you know I mean you know Collegiate raw raw raw raw raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one one one one one um um um like of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That That That That That was that was that was that was that was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your your your your your so uh okay okay boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that that that that that was wearing headphones you know okay I mean well. All right. Yes, so we we we we we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum well like so so. He was he he he he he was he was he was he was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us us us us us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did I did I did I did I did not have sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you I mean well you know you you you you you know ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no no no no no prior like uh like I mean knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply deeply deeply deeply deeply sorry for my irresponsible I mean okay you know okay and selfish behavior. I engaged in in in in in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast okay well you know well we we we we we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we well well well well well well you know I mean have a special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done done done done done special guests have started 40 I mean well well okay minutes ago, but I came in in in in in with my PR person my lighting crew my director so you know um um my my my my my I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but but but but but you know well uh okay to be fair when I was at his podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast like three years ago. I so well um uh walked in and he told me on on on on on the spot that it was going to um like you know well be on camera camera camera camera camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have okay like so so so so so I mean to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My My My My My you know you know I mean I mean husband my friend and Kavita our our our our our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 um okay well okay. We are we we we we we are we are we are we are in the really in the the the the the final stretch. It's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard to believe and and and and and um like so uh it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our our our our our CM our virtual CM like um like you know that is that will take place place place place place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard like um uh so time and and and and and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can like uh uh um um um um um associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If I I I I I mean like uh uh so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 11 11 11 11 essential business so uh so so tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run run run run run their businesses online go to wwwsceetocom so like so so. For / create to access access access access access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's you know like like like like like so so www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, the well, the well, the well, the the the the the well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and like okay like so so so so so I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as you you you you you know I mean okay uh unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and and and and and I am affected sometimes so so okay like by other people if there's there's there's there's there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and uh I mean well like like like like like so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're We're We're We're We're here you know so like I mean with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from Murder I mean okay so like Town USA. Our Our Our Our Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing great doing great doing doing doing doing doing great doing great doing great you know okay uh well man. Yeah if you you you you you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for uh so uh I mean mean mean mean mean yeah. I have I have I have I have I have never done done done done done a podcast before. Hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe hey severe that's case case case case case scenario, but I uh um um um like you guys so fuck it it it it it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, you know like um you you you you you know don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like like like like like um like like you know real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we we we we we put something out because I um uh uh so know we're just letting him down down down down down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space space space space space well well I mean I mean docks podcast where we cover all things space space space space space in this podcast. We will we will we will we will we will be be be be be uh like well I mean covering all the latest space related news. As well as as as as as talking about interesting Technologies like like okay I mean or discoveries that anyone interested interested interested interested interested in the field may want to know about right from the you know I mean mean mean mean mean you know well Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the the the the the latest news on okay like so I mean Starship to the Artemis program to to to to to take us back to the moon. So if so if so if so if if if if if so if like I mean like I mean you know us you are another parking parking parking parking parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that is so you know know know know know um uh happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following the following the following the following the following content contains adult subject matter matter matter matter matter including sensitive material and is intended for uh you know well well adult consumption only only only only only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is so well well uh uh uh uh uh advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to to to to to you know okay uh you know TMZ. All I all I all I all I all all all all all I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in you know know know know know so um okay the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little little little little little bit to like okay well I mean you know, I definitely brought brought brought brought brought it back down a human level. And I started you know um so so talking to to to to to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out so um um um um um okay I mean of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in partnership okay you know uh so with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on today on today on today on today on the show. We explore we explore explore explore explore explore we explore we explore we explore the fork in the road that can you you you you you know so uh uh lead a hero to fighting himself in a story story story story story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the like okay so I mean podcast that that that that that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite so well like uh video video video video video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today and today today today today today and today and today and today we're exploring two well so uh so Paths Paths Paths Paths Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for so uh like like like like like well BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did did did did did you you know like uh like make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here here here here here. I um okay so um hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are are are are are stoked because today is I mean um well um part 2 of the October October October October October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release you know you know like like like like like uh this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There There There There There are there are there are there are there are well well well um some nuggets up up up up up in here. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't wait for you you you you you guys to um you know uh you know hear it. If this if this if this this this this this if this if this is the first one that you're tapping on I I I I I do recommend so I mean so so. Going back and listening to part 1 it's it's it's it's it's not absolutely imperative. But I well well um um do think that all of the information in in in in in part to her story all her tips the uh uh I mean um way way way way way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and okay um I mean mean mean mean mean you know almost more like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is is is is is so uh like um all about her life as a young girl how she was parented parented parented parented parented her family well so so like story Dynamic her as a young woman and and and and and it's fascinating and it makes her you know well uh like marriage and and and and and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing like um um um um um you know you know show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one one one one one side and brush well um you know uh the inside outside and chewing side side side side side of each tube. It's heroines week and I mean you know you know so so so so so every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is is is is is heroines are uh uh so you know a pair of sisters who fought for the the the the the freedom of their country their names well okay uh I mean were Trung truck truck truck truck truck and Trung knee. A long along along along along long time ago the Trung Trung Trung Trung Trung sisters were born well uh okay um in a country in Asia called Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam. Their dad their dad their dad their dad their dad was a powerful man man man man man and uh like okay so have them trained in martial arts back in those days days days days days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British like like well well well well well okay Filipino can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's week's week's week's week's Chase Smith um so uh well. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl girl girl girl girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello well you know okay uh. We're joined by special special special special special special guest and he goes by the name of well so well I mean re free free free free free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was okay you know know know know know okay so your day tiring long as it was productive. That's all that's all that's that's that's that's that's all that's all that's all that matters. Come on, the so uh you know well love love love love love that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, so well you you you you you know um our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires fires fires fires fires are so so uh okay so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals Capitals Capitals Capitals Capitals in first place of the Metropolitan uh okay uh I mean. Well, technically I understand understand understand understand understand the Caps are still in first place due to the well so so you know know know know know tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker tiebreaker because that would I mean uh like like make the most sense, but of course not not not not not listen, I don't care if technically they're uh well uh so not in first. All All All All All I care about is when you look at the points it I mean like you know know know know know well is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation situation situation situation situation like like you know um we are discussing right now is what makes me so so so so so happy. So the so the so the so the so the Flyers beat beat beat beat beat um um like well the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second second second second second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and and and the uh uh okay like topic of today's video is going to be be be be be going with the flow and I got an okay like uh like email email email email email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably since okay so so so so so you know so late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been been been been been coaching him now. Well you know well so um maybe longer so he sent sent sent sent sent me this email and he's got a couple of situations so you know um well that he's he's he's he's he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All at a concert concert concert concert concert I mean well uh like and I guess his group and her group of of of of of friends kind of emerged at uh uh like so some point, and she listened this this this this this. She says that she told him to text so uh um okay her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for um um okay so and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is is is is is not Billy um like uh you know Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here here here here here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and you're listening okay okay I mean okay to to to to to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My you you you you you know so um uh forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's What's What's What's What's a what's a what's a what's a what's a draugr my I I mean well well well well well uh well love saying among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret. We We We We We so well um um can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to to to to to I mean okay okay like talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which which which which which I want to get to I mean well so like First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a a a a a new Puck filled with Quote unquote like like like uh electronics and they're going to to to to to be testing out during the playoffs. This is this is this is this is this this this this this is the first so um okay like time they're going to throw it in used at at at at at least that we know of so so like like you know read a little little little little little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this okay you know like like like like like well before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple couple couple couple couple games during the regular you know like um um season without telling the teams or or or or or players that they were using it. They've given they've given they've given they've given they've they've they've they've they've given okay uh um you know it to a few of the Superstar players players players players players throughout the league the practice with the well you know so okay see if they they they they they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about about about about about well well um well anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. If you if you if you if you if you haven't um so so so so so like I mean heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and and and and and let me explain it's free so I mean like well. There's creation tools that allow you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right like like okay okay from your phone or or or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay okay can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you you you you you can I mean uh like okay make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, listenership, and it's everything you need to okay so so well make a podcast in one one one one one place. So download the free anchor app or go you know so I mean mean mean mean mean okay to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another another another another another I mean like like okay episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much much much much much for tuning in as uh okay well well always. It's your host Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly Kelly. So excited so excited so excited so excited so excited to be here feel feel feel feel feel like I just I mean I mean well well sounded like Heidi like so excited excited excited excited excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind well okay you know well this this this this this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a a a a a podcast, well I mean um like I found anchor to be the easiest way way way way way to create it by using anchor I'm well you know so um able to to to to to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives gives gives gives gives anchor gives you okay uh uh you know everything you need in one place place place place place and you can produce the show right from so I mean well uh uh uh uh uh your phone tablet or computer. They're easy they're easy they're easy they're easy easy easy easy easy they're easy to use creation tools allow anyone well so okay I mean with the the the the the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll I I I I I mean you know you know well even distribute your podcast for you. So it can can can can can be heard everywhere podcasts can be you know okay I mean um found found found found found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money uh uh uh uh uh so you know you know from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download download download download download the anchor app or go to you know you know so I mean Anchor dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast um I I I I I mean uh uh. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't you don't you don't have to put any well okay like like like like like so money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There There There There There so like um uh are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast uh like so well right from your phone or computer. You have to go go go go go out and spend a lot well um um like of money buying software paying for for for for for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for like um so like you. So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best best best best best you know so you know so part you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you so like like okay need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go you know um um um um um well okay to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with with with with with Marcos Garza okay like well okay and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a a a a a lawyer for a DUI. If you uh so well so need a criminal defense defense defense defense defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose well I mean uh um Garza Garza Garza Garza Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing so so so so so you know uh okay to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes dishes dishes dishes dishes uh you know you know I mean and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring featuring featuring featuring featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts like like um okay today. You You You You You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest I mean so um um um um um I mean month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I I I I I wrote about well okay I mean uh all that Jesus began to do and to teach teach teach teach teach until the day he uh so uh uh was taken up to heaven heaven heaven heaven heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the I mean um uh well apostles apostles apostles apostles apostles. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many so so so so so like so so convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over over over over over a period of 40 um you know so I mean days and and and and and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I I I well uh you know well wanted to take a brief moment today to let let let let let you know about the easiest well well you know I mean way possible to start start start start start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects like like uh uh uh uh uh uh are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well well well well well as software okay well okay so to record each episode for the longest time. I I I I I actually I actually I actually I actually I actually paid money to to to to to host okay like okay so the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different different different different different podcasting platforms while also like so uh well using different software as I tried to record record record record record but not anymore anchor gives me um uh um I mean everything we need need need need need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either uh um uh I mean from from from from from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only not only not only not only not not not not not only that anchor actually gives us well like um okay the opportunity to make money with no no no no no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your like okay um so own podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go okay well well well well well um uh to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear hear hear hear hear so I mean uh okay from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should should should should should have called before now as so so uh um he's one of the few people I've I've I've I've I've played with whom I looked up to so I mean well you know for for for for for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field field field field field but okay um uh so also off the field as well. So without without without without without further Ado, here's my conversation with Premier League uh well okay I mean winner winner winner winner winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what I needed needed needed needed needed I mean okay so um just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how how how how how are you uh okay um um bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going going going going going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old so um um uh same old. I need to to to to to start this though with a bit of respect here. It's uh uh um uh uh uh uh uh the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you have you have you have you have you you you you you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to uh um um so make a podcast and and and and and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record so so uh uh uh uh uh okay and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute so I mean so okay the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every every every every every platform such as Spotify I mean you know so uh and apple you can even even even even even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in okay like okay like one one one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to to to so um so well get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my my my my my friend. Hello um so so well and welcome to the real fun podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again okay you know um okay for for for for for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap soap soap soap soap so you know I mean you know. He is a fantastic soap maker based based based based based in Southern California. The company is so I mean um so Iron Lion soap. You You You You You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap I mean okay um I I I I I mean and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural natural natural natural natural soaps that I okay well you know well am so in love with and and and and and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, like um um um um um um um and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company well I mean mean mean mean mean like like and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to acres acres acres acres acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time I mean I mean you know so so so so so we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and so so so so so uh I mean well we're going to talk to a real live student student student student student graduate of Acres of diamonds well like I mean I mean miss any Coughlin. You You You You You got you got you got you got you got the last call going going going going going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, you no, you no, you no, you no, you know you you you you you know um so I think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have have have have have your parents on speed so well so so dog? We talk to them. Well, actually actually actually actually actually my dad's death so we can't call like so uh I mean him. Oh, that's that's that's that's that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of okay uh so okay okay okay okay okay diamonds. If you if you if you if you if you think we can can can can can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them I mean you know okay um. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, trust yeah, trust yeah, trust yeah, trust yeah, trust me trust me. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm assuming you um uh well um can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, so he may not answer well so okay okay right away, right, but me me me me me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this this this this this okay you know uh well podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These These These These These are the audio I mean like well I mean versions of our videos videos videos videos videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you if you if you if you if if if if if you enjoy this like like well well show, please do consider leaving us us us us us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, I mean so so okay okay okay okay okay you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter all of that so so uh I mean stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word word word word word come and say hi to you know uh you know like me. Let Let Let Let Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it I mean mean mean mean mean you know um uh. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today like okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using using using using using drugs you know I mean so okay number 10, the strange link between infrasound infrasound infrasound infrasound infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you I mean so well you know know know know know that at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought thought thought thought thought they well okay like okay heard a sound when nothing should be there or they they they they they saw an apparition that I mean like like well led them to believe that a a a a a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central like um like like like like like I mean and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors seniors seniors seniors seniors who were okay I mean I mean uh recently honored for earning earning earning earning earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the so um so okay okay okay okay okay end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and um um um um um uh like okay ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today today today today today. We have a couple of um um uh uh those Those students with us Beth Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us so um like okay today guys guys guys guys guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and the well like like well well well well well activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys boys boys boys boys so uh um okay lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with with with with with lots well okay so uh of music things pep band marching band jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both so both so both so both so both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back we're we're we're we're we're back we're back we're back we're back with I mean okay I mean so an update update update update update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few like like like like like okay you know okay weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and and and and and up as of right so okay okay you know now. There are about 90 90 90 90 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this so uh I mean um um um um um virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected affected affected affected affected you know so so okay and we're starting to feel it here in the the the the the US. Tonight the governor of Washington so like I mean okay declaring a state of emergency after after after after after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The virus uh um like okay has has has has has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay like more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases cases cases cases cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let me you know well I mean um explain it's free. Its creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit um well well well your podcast from your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for um so well so you you you you you. So it so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you uh like so um can make money from your your your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to so you know I mean mean mean mean mean well make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do do do do do you know like okay uh this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced forced forced forced forced upon stirring us download the free anchor I mean uh like uh app app app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We I mean mean mean mean mean um um I mean just wanted to let you know for this one one one one one starts. It's not it's not it's not it's not it's not a full you you you you you know like you know uh podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes Stokes Stokes Stokes Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and um okay like I mean y'all do a special special special special special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Star Star Star Star Wars session so um uh like with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun fun fun fun fun begins. Good morning afternoon or evening I mean okay like so wherever you are are are are are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for for for for for the Star uh I mean so you know Wars stay for the sessions. My name is is is is is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba the well so I mean okay Hutt and joining me me me me me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon uh like okay um is is is is is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one I'm one I'm one of the co-hosts cam and like so so so so so so okay I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Ohio Eric uh well like well lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states states states states states. We talk about pop culture. We well so like I mean talk about about about about about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider I mean well well well well well um you know to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we we we we we both watch well so okay okay when we were younger and we're basically going going going going going to be talking about how wacky is uh I mean okay you know there's a lot lot lot lot lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that uh I mean I I I I I mean uh we have to get into so there it's going to start. All All All All All right. Yeah. So um so okay well like Kim said Dan Schneider if you you you you you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the well okay like so app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to to to to to use it's free and there's I mean um uh okay creation tools straight in in in in in the app that allow you to edit your podcast okay you know well well well well well well from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple apple apple apple apple I mean you know uh I mean and many more without having to do anything which which which which which is great and you can make I mean I mean uh um money from the the the the the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You okay um like well well well well well gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's so it's it's it's it's it's so it's so it's so it's everything you need to you know you know uh uh uh uh uh you know do all one place and to download the app go to anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor on the well like so uh App Store anchored on FM online to get Started Started Started Started Started let's get in the madness I mean like I mean I mean. What's going on? on on on on Everyone? Rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything rob everything and YG. You're welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to episode 2 of everything like okay I mean uh and YG's Madness. I'm excited to to to to to get into it. The first the first the first the first the first episode episode episode episode episode alone did amazing so uh so well. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in and checking it out and uh you know you know well reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I and I and I and I and I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and so uh uh uh uh uh you know so then topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to to to to to do um like okay uh when your girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got two two two two two good friends of okay um I mean okay mine. Dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr dr dr dr dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic Deanna who you have met and then Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, Miss Ashley so you know like uh. Who is who is who is who is is is is is who is with us the other day and we got a bunch of of of of of questions if uh okay okay uh people wanted to ask because obviously the video video video video video that we posted the other day well um like okay people had some some some some some questions because there it's like talked about in my first book 3% um so so so so so uh you know man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of okay okay okay okay okay well okay like anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out out out out out and Keen each other's like you know okay um cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode episode episode episode episode um um I mean you know of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We We We We We want to show you guys the basics like um um I mean of the the the the the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube well so uh uh uh uh uh so. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and and and and and hopefully so you know um um like say in a couple weeks time. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll have you'll have you'll have you'll have you'll have your very own Cube Cube Cube Cube Cube. Ooh, well I mean um uh I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits grits grits grits grits from Germany. Hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and I'm thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful I mean okay okay um file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, so Rupert, what are we here to okay so so so so so like like do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as as as as as this for uh okay well uh this first episode on what the former cube is is is is is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is like like like like like you know you know like right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the the the the the original crew. We have local I mean uh well you know bartender Courtney Nance coming coming coming coming coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just well so um well well well well well yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean I mean to the roots. We're going back to to to to to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys okay like um I mean Are Are Are Are Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say so like like like like like like okay that the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you you you you you say that I so um like so wouldn't have chosen to say it it it it it myself but but you're okay with you need like uh well so okay? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always always always always always uh well so I mean support your right to see random things. I support support support support support my right to party and you like so well well always you got to fight fight fight fight fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard well you know uh so always said it it it it it to live lives. I'm concerned I'm concerned I'm concerned I'm concerned I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am I am I am I am I I I I I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and um like okay I mean mean mean mean mean I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal Cal Cal Cal Cal State Long Beach I mean so um like Bree was actually taken the course because because because because because she was preparing to apply to well well okay um occupational therapy school. She She She She She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh um Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for for for for for her so um okay uh undergraduate major and when she was still studying that that that that that she also played basketball NCAA Division like so okay um II at Cal Cal Cal Cal Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not you you you you you know you know uh so only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence confidence confidence confidence confidence. We're going to dive into like okay I mean uh some of the ways ways ways ways ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and she's had okay uh um well well well well well to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some some some some some uh like so okay situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all all all all all church and I'm bringing you human design you know um you know you know and and and and and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a a a a a leading human design expert and so okay like I mean energetic alignment business coach. I I I I I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where uh okay well uh it's not not not not not working so that it starts to work for you through human design um you know well well well well well um and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's the he's the he's the he's the the the the the he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and I mean you know okay you you you you you know of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design design design design design like well like like and business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's Dive In I mean uh okay okay Hey guys, welcome to align by design design design design design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you if you if you if you if you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip um uh uh uh uh uh uh well balms beard care and much much more all of their products products products products products are natural wholesome so like you know you know and prayerfully designed and and and and and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of so I mean so so life life life life life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off off off off off well I mean you know well your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout checkout checkout checkout checkout. And please check out the link well okay you know like in the show notes. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this well uh um I mean mean mean mean mean Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will you you you you you know you know uh you know help you meditate on the Lord's passion death death death death death and Resurrection. Everything is online you know so so I mean and at at at at at your own pace and you can find the time to listen okay well uh well well well well well to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks total talks total talks total talks talks talks talks talks total talks each talk comes to the video I mean well like um study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old old old old old so I mean like well came home from a long day at work and kissed kissed kissed kissed kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez you know you know well so over dinner. He He He He He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over well well you know know know know know I mean San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his but his his his his his but his but his but his life wasn't as idyllic as okay so like you know it it it it it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin uh well well well well well um so just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all um um um um um you know like you know wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd He'd He'd He'd He'd ever experienced so you know like you know before he began to hallucinate and and and and and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next the next the next the next the next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of of of of of um so um uh March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the the the the the December quarter, I mean I mean you know um which means it is basically the status status status status status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus you know okay okay uh hit we saw saw saw saw saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means you know uh I I I I I mean I mean that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was was was was was larger than the 04% uh okay um um. That economists were expecting. This does show show show show show that the RBA is reading at well you know I mean okay the the the the the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year uh I I I I I mean uh like was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into into into into into an I mean uh okay I mean S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's this week's this week's this week's this week's episode is all about working working working working working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home moms. And I and I and I I I I I and I and I mean I mean uh like we just kind of of of of of want to share our experiences since I stay at home with I mean like um you you you you you know my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring a a a a a okay well okay I mean little bit of insight and show you that there there there there there are really great things. There you know so um uh are some really really really really really messy Parts about each roll. So go so go so go so go go go go go so go and do whatever you do well um um well when you listen listen listen listen listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in like I I I I I mean like um their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey mamas, I'm Sam and you know okay you know you know I'm Taryn and together together together together together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama okay well uh well well well well well pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely we're completely completely completely completely completely we're completely we're completely we're completely unfiltered um I mean uh okay and unapologetically ourselves as as as as as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a once a once a once a once once once once once a month were well um you know so going to be spotlighting one one one one one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for okay like like like like like you know uh your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community community community community community dry. Shampoo is shampoo is shampoo is shampoo is shampoo is our best friend friend friend friend friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take um um um um um okay well so your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's It's It's It's It's time it's time it's time it's time it's time to level well I mean well well well well well so up. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's I mean uh I I I I I mean okay episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue doesn't it? I mean I mean uh so Does it I think it's what we've we've we've we've we've been saying for the last few so um like uh weeks. I feel like like like like like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool cool cool cool cool it's cool to I mean well like I mean see everyone sharing the arm the the the the the post that we put on the Instagram page I mean so well like as well well well well well. Absolutely. It's about it's about it's about it's about it's about yes branding that positive message message message message message and helping everyone feel good. And I mean uh like like we're here here here here here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I you you you you you know uh okay you know know you are too. SLI everyday your training working working working working working hard and all of like you know you know I mean that. I I I I I work as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't uh uh uh uh uh okay um uh it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for for for for for the ride as well so uh well well. Fantastic. You're always you're always you're you're you're you're you're always you're always you're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying okay okay okay okay okay um well like to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more more more more more present like uh I mean I mean is it that you want to be more more more more more intentional is it that you want to feel more like you know I mean I I I I I mean of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it okay well well well well well um like that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep better? you know you know you know you know you know so so so so so so so You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving um so so so so so um like and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty of uh so uh okay meditation notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers ahurdlers Emily a body here I mean like I mean I I I I I mean bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I I I I I sit down with inspiring so like I mean I mean individuals to talk about everything from from from from from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at welcome at welcome at welcome at welcome at at at at at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid well you know you know you know of of of of of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by by by by by um okay you know so many of you and we're going to title title title title title it books. I recommend or top reads for well well like um 2020 something like that that that that that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what okay so um okay okay okay okay okay books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well so so so so so like okay well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with with with with with you at least the like so um uh ones that have had the biggest impact on on on on on me or the ones that are uh like um like In the Forefront of my my my my my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and you know well uh uh uh uh uh um listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a a a a a pretty good so uh you know so list and I did a version version version version version of this a long time ago, which I mean you know like uh is is is is is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as as as as as well you know like you know well here probably in the next two weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks or so. I just have a lot well I mean you know okay okay okay okay okay of real I say quote unquote real work to do but I will get get get get get like like um uh to this but if you hear me say something and and and and and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact fact fact fact fact okay like well like that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard hard hard hard hard to learn I mean well so well it and actually really fell in love with with with with with it. A lot of them are just I mean well uh I mean really fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to to to to to be okay like like so doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were were were were were once in well okay well you know the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling mind-boggling mind-boggling mind-boggling mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody um okay I mean you know Sean Nielsen to our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and okay okay so um he runs runs runs runs runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube so okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of of of of of picks in sight. So let's I mean you know like I mean get started. Hello everyone and and and and and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated I mean uh like uh to the amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting well you know know know know know so so and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate okay okay okay okay okay I mean well you know of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases releases releases releases releases and feature films Millions uh okay okay so have tried to stitch together the the the the the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes well so uh like on The Disappearance of of of of of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the like like um um um um um like complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories well well well well well um you know well free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts. March 8 2014 evening in like so well um the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in in in in in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now I mean okay like uh ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on um um um um um okay so um AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're we're we're we're we're here to like uh like uh talk about this episode. We love we love love love love love our audience and we will give you you know uh um I mean our opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly she quickly she quickly she quickly she quickly at at at at at this is yall's first like like I mean so time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after after after after after show here on AfterBuzz I mean like so um. AfterBuzz is an actress no network network network network network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this and this and this and this this this this this and this is um like you know okay of course your Bachelor crew led led led led led by me or moderated by me. I should okay I mean so okay okay okay okay okay say said yeah. I am I am I am I am I am so stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself so I mean uh um um um um um. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a um um um um um well I mean uh host here at the network. So excited to be here, but but but but but me Christine be next okay well so um. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything everything everything everything everything like you know okay um in between because they would have called your your your your your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't like you know I mean uh also also also also also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts like you you you you you know so you know and this is probably why girls don't go go go go go for a higher salary in All right. Yeah, uh well I mean um you you you you you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to uh you you you you you know well so bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk well well well well well like so you know now. It was it was it was it was it was was was was was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys are are are are are well um like so hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling. We're here. We're you know so I mean uh going to go through it it it it it. You know you know you know you know you know what it is. You You You You You know how we do so well so I mean first. I want to introduce. My panel panel panel panel panel I am over here by myself on the um well uh um team married side, but to to to to to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may you you you you you know like like I mean have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization hybridization hybridization hybridization hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a so I mean um like Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Reese Reese Reese Reese Reese Derby hid alien um like uh like. Welcome to aliens like us with me me me me me of course button below the other like like uh so alien and Ethan Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show okay well I mean like like like like like this time. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you uh so okay okay okay okay okay I mean guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah oh, yeah familiar with it like I I I I I mean uh I mean huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early like so so so so so like I mean for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you you you you you here they start so okay like like to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me I mean you know like I mean have have have have have my fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises I mean uh uh uh uh uh um um in the background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along well okay okay okay okay okay you know well the latest week or two kitchen. You're so like you come up up up up up with the stupidest okay uh okay uh jokes when we feel like they're they're bad bad bad bad bad. They're not good. Like they're like they're like they're like they're like they're not not not not not um I mean uh um funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast um um um um um okay so okay that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers choreographers choreographers choreographers choreographers costume and set um okay uh so designers the people who run beloved venues and and and and and festivals. And of course speaking with um well I mean okay musicians about about about about about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain so so so so so I mean well so at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen listen listen listen listen to. Fight class like I mean I mean you know consequence podcast Network welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series like like you know know know know know well presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the um um um um um like like well very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was was was was was recorded live on like I mean like um November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal Episcopal Episcopal Episcopal Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going you're going you're going you're going you're you're you're you're you're going to hear um you know okay uh a very condensed version of that show show show show show with live Q&A from the audience as well um so well um as questions submitted submitted submitted submitted submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with you know know know know know you know well uh somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very very very very very big very bhumi tall I mean okay I mean like ceiling. So the so the so so so so so the so the so the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's it's it's um so um um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's free. There's creation tools so well well you know that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or like well so so computer anchor distributes your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can be heard on so I mean so okay okay okay okay okay Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from from from from from your I mean so you know um podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast in well um okay um one place place place place place. Download the download the download the download the download the free anchor app or go go go go go to Anchor dot f so uh um well m-- to get started. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so well um so so so so so for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl. We well we well we well we well we well I mean okay okay felt felt felt felt felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of okay okay okay okay okay I mean um you know do a little bit of this that and everything else else else else else. So we so we so we so we so we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow follow follow follow follow your um so uh you know favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode episode episode episode episode like this one or if you become a um I mean so well well well well well premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like like like like like I so okay okay so do when you're on a plane or wherever you're you're you're you're you're traveling and also you can share uh uh you know you know this with with with with with your friends on Instagram. If you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't done so already be sure to download uh um so well the Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control so so so so so control so control so control so control so I mean like okay control is the the the the the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode uh well well well well well um so you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on on on on on a few a so okay okay like few sites, but it's the first full one one one one one so welcome and I have a so well well you know mic this time. It It It It It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know like um I I I I I mean uh across the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing doing doing doing doing that. It just you know you know um like was a bad Mike. No, No, No, No, No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway I mean um so so so so so so around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're so so so so so you're so you're so you're so you're ready uh um okay like to introduce ourselves. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you well well well well well well so I mean. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Driven Driven Driven Driven Life. Sharing the like okay I mean uh benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and and and and and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope uh okay okay like There are are are are are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose I mean like like like like like okay like gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes ashes ashes ashes ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Marie I mean you know okay uh and and and and and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading you you you you you well um well I mean with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going going going going going to be reading um I mean okay well a poem by one of the Lisa and and and and and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we so okay well okay thought the the the the the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really okay okay okay okay okay like uh okay spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you you you you you to wake by okay okay so uh Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake wake wake wake wake would that I might well um so so dream of you and not not not not not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The uh um okay like dear companion gone gone gone gone gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you okay uh uh uh uh uh well you know full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian I'm Brian Brian Brian Brian Brian I'm Brian I'm Brian I'm Brian I mean like you know you know and we the the the the the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no well I I I I I mean like so premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the the the the the biggest like well like so thing that I think this is founded on on on on on we found there's just such a so I mean I mean well lack of podcast with two two two two two white guys in their late 20s or sister this uh you know um uh uh uh uh uh males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us uh uh uh uh uh uh okay like field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring ring ring ring ring and give it so I mean so um a shot and maybe be groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking and yes card. So I so I so I so I so I don't don't don't don't don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter winter winter winter winter and like you know uh I mean my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode episode episode episode episode. We're going to explore topics that are so uh you know I mean too too too too too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each like okay okay okay okay okay well I mean topic. We encourage we encourage we encourage we encourage we encourage you you you you you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so I mean well um uh each new new new new new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll you know know know know know um well you know be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea idea idea idea idea for the podcast came from uh like uh okay and some of our topics moving moving moving moving moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what uh I mean well okay would you do if if if if if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going like well uh you know to to to to to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and okay okay okay okay okay I mean you know okay hopefully something memorable at the same time. You You You You You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before and before and before and before before before before before and before we get into another episode of poke dad's there okay I I I I I mean like um was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for for for for for podcasting uh like well so. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy easy easy easy easy to use and well so um well I just love it. There's creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record well like like okay and edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or a computer. So if so if so if so if so so so so so if there like um okay okay was something in my mind that I'm out I I I I I can easily pull out my phone you know so um um go into the episode. I I I I I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's okay like okay uh uh uh uh uh so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool cool cool cool cool well well okay okay is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes Spotify you name um um so like it and it's great download anchor now get it it it it it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have you you you you you know well you know so for you. Do you do you do you do you you you you you do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like um well well well well well uh I mean delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of of of of of random shit. Then you need to go to like um I mean I mean Yummy texcom texcom texcom texcom texcom. Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, you know know know know know like well you know but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic exotic exotic exotic exotic candies like so so like and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place place place place place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low you know so you know um prices is is is is is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down well well well well well um I mean like the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles hustles hustles hustles hustles and how most like so I mean so of you need to break out of of of of of the mold. So make so make so make so make so make sure okay so so so so so um uh to hit them up and leave a review to let us know know know know know what you thought uh you know well you know and I hope you enjoy. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm back with another another another another another episode of med school radio and we're looking so I mean uh okay at some some some some some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with uh well you know you you you you you know fragile X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by by by by by an so you know uh well increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats repeats repeats repeats repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that well I mean well you you you you you know is fmr1 on the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads leads leads leads leads to well so you know I mean hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1 fmr1. So remember so remember so remember so remember so remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually actually actually actually actually want I mean you know like I mean you to tweet me your feedback on on on on on how you like weekly V and podcast so so well so form. So So So So So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well um um okay with the W in there as well so I I I I I can see your feedback um I mean like um on weekly B7. Please hit me up up up up up with some feedback on Twitter on how I mean um uh um you like like like like like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom I I I I I mean I mean you know I mean. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the the the the the garyvee audio experience. What up so so uh like Podcast today's episode is from a a a a a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks um okay so well about about about about about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes shapes shapes shapes shapes and so well okay you know sizes. So make so make so make so make make make make make so make sure to hit them up and let us know what you thought with with with with with a um okay uh well review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working working working working working on is about his okay I mean okay um son in the industry and sort sort sort sort sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a a a a a Christian uh okay uh so believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white white white white white. We as so so so um people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with with with with with the gray in church gray areas well okay well well often cause dissension dissension dissension dissension dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open okay um I I I I I mean well dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray gray gray gray gray is meant like you know you know uh to teach and form and simply trade trade trade trade trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect um okay well well. If you if if if if if you if you if you if you have a story or perspective to share please please please please please reach me Brenda Marie Davies um well well so at God has gray XO XO XO XO XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a you know like like like like like um so part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got got got got got I got I got I got I got a you know well uh well fat fat fat fat fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right right right right right like you know you know so. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took took took took took we were just really busy like I mean like okay with midterms papers. We went went went went went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not so like you know know know know know um a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments comments comments comments comments participants uh well you know um kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority Authority Authority Authority Authority podcast me. But I um I mean um okay guess that's cool Gary Gary Gary Gary Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences um okay okay okay okay okay um well guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity sensitivity case on so like I mean um page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast like okay um so. Do not not not not not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of of of of of you know um well I mean this podcast listeners discretion is advised you you you you you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy okay uh so like. Otto have but but but but but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but so like so so so so so uh sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he oh, he he he he he oh, he oh, he oh, he dropped below severe Katrina uh so like I mean mean mean mean mean as he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve deserve deserve deserve deserve okay like um okay all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard about you know okay I mean um anchor is the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's so like like you know free free free free free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to I I I I I mean um well I mean pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's He's He's He's He's awesome, too. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that uh uh uh uh uh I mean so like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from your Phone or computer super simple like uh okay like super easy. You You You You You don't have to go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone um um um um um um I mean well with the headset. It's free it's free it's it's it's it's it's free it's free it's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will will will will will carry um so I mean so you where you will meet. Today's European jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in I mean so well like each one of us us us us us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more you know well I I I I I mean I mean than 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn learn learn learn learn and experiment my so so I mean okay passion for the voice and jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz on stage since then. I tried I tried I tried I tried I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or whatever you know like like like like like so like platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right right right right right. So today I'm going like well you know like to be talking about my predictions predictions predictions predictions predictions for the and we'll be considering uh uh um okay opening day happens this this this this this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right like like like like like well okay like now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series Series Series Series Series and it's well um so well possible that the Red Sox did as as as as as well. And I just I don't really know I mean I mean well I mean what what what what what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for so like you know know know know know well next year. So To put it lightly. I think I think I think think think think think I think I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down down down I mean like I mean you know the top 31 Sports scandals of the past past past past past 31 years in this episode were journeying well uh like so back to 1994 and and and and and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the uh I I I I I mean uh okay World Cup. It was it was it was it was it was a slip slip slip slip slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia like so well you know know know know know the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history so so so so so um you know I mean tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen listen listen listen listen free on Spotify or like uh so you know wherever you get your your your your your podcast. June 22nd june 22nd june 22nd june 22nd june 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes into Columbia second match I mean um well you know in the the the the the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are we are are are are are we are we are we are doing that uh okay I mean so podcast thing now now now now now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori you know uh uh uh uh uh I mean like podcasts. There are there are there are there are there are various tiers with with with with with different types of goodies available. Do you I mean I mean um like like like like like want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be be be be be uh uh like I mean a part of a Nori book club get special access to to to to to Nori events so uh like so. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori Nori Nori Nori Nori podcast for what we're offering and in uh so okay so that Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, like okay okay okay okay okay uh you know we like to do this list of goodies is subject to to to to to change and we'd very you know well well okay much like your feedback. Is there there there there there something that you'd really like to see but it okay um well so isn't listed listed listed listed listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what you know well well well well well okay so we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom Noricom uh you know like so. Or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, newsletter, which you can find at like so so I mean nor e.com subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while while while while while uh so like um since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today today today today today we're going to have well like so you know a discussion about the ethics ethics ethics ethics ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for okay so I mean mean mean mean mean okay the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly like like like like like so I mean you know marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the conversation and now like okay I mean uh onto the episode. Hot cake cake cake cake cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave okay uh uh uh uh uh so um fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL the NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL the NFL the NFL the NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday morning morning morning morning morning I mean like you know uh. So at this point we've at least had a a a a a couple days to digest some of well well like I mean the performances from the the the the the skill position players and that's what we're going to talk about today I mean um okay okay okay okay okay I mean the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I and I I I I I and I and I and I know I said okay well so like this this this this this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak out out out out out uh I mean okay uh about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly Incredibly Incredibly Incredibly Incredibly talented athletes. I mean most like so uh you know of the 40-yard dash times. It's It's It's It's It's just an example, but they're / like fractions of I mean um uh well a a a a a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of a player okay okay okay okay okay well like you know but we did learn some things some players had much better better better better better showing than um like like you know others. So I so I so I I I I I so I so I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the in the in the in the in the year leading up to the 2020 election election election election election. We're counting down the so so um well biggest scandals in American political political political political political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former uh I mean I I I I I mean well Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign campaign campaign campaign campaign fund and Congressional um uh okay um staff for personal use 56 year old old old old old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting so I mean you know know know know know I mean ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the the the the the past few you know I mean so well years on the hill had been tough tough tough tough tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been uh okay okay I I I I I mean poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter matter matter matter matter Hubbard thought I mean you know uh you know he'd outrun his cooked books with with with with with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for like so I mean uh a a a a a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I um um um um um okay okay you know talked a lot about getting out of your your your your your mind getting out of the head and I mean uh you know well why that's that's that's that's that's important. And that's and that's and that's and that's and that's what today's today's today's today's today's episode is all about me and be I mean like um I mean at had an an an an an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on you know so so so so so well so what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in in in in in with source and well you know um well spirit and so it was was was was was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some quite some quite some quite some some some some some quite some time so uh uh well ago. I haven't I haven't I haven't I I I I I haven't I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like so so so so so so well well. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know like so so well exactly exactly exactly exactly exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just just just just just so just so just so just so just um I mean so um be be be be be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed so so so so so uh um you know and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where um um um um um okay uh okay we chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light light light light light through up something okay uh so okay delicious and sit with us for for for for for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The well um you know well Magic on the the the the the inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted I mean um um um um um uh okay where we aim to help women all over the world Conger more more more more more joy in tuition so like well um and everyday magic in their lives. And today today today today today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we so we so we so we so we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about so okay okay okay okay okay you know okay the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of of of of of the you know I mean like like most notorious subjects every week in addition to to to to to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring I mean well okay like the most fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected we've collected collected collected collected collected we've collected we've collected we've collected short clips okay you know I mean mean mean mean mean I mean from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas ideas ideas ideas ideas. Ideas, like uh like you know okay motivation method and Madness and show how how how how how interconnected the True Crime world really is you you know so so okay can can can can can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts like well um so a list of episodes that we used will be be be be be posted in the description like so okay I mean today. We're discussing cases cases cases cases cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys boys boys boys boys from so like well uh the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips flips flips flips flips. How are we we're doing good Andy um so uh okay hot Hoagie. We got got got got got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said with mixed Denson okay you know you you you you you know so the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but what's the best best best best best uh I mean well like part about this? Whole thing is you you you you you won't believe what this man's actual name is um so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location just a uh I I I I I mean well um block away for over four years going it to the University of of of of of st well um um um. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices voices voices voices voices in well okay okay well the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and and and and and holding fast to the okay I mean so so Traditions passed down down down down down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There well um um um um um I mean I mean are a lot of ways to get involved and and and and and an easy one uh so like um is to start a podcast anchor dot f f f f f m is a great podcast hosting okay so so okay platform. If you if if if if if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a you know so okay um podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian tools that allow you to record I mean um I mean I mean and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your I mean mean mean mean mean uh so um podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more I mean so I mean uh you can actually make some some some some some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so like like uh. It's everything it's everything it's it's it's it's it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location location location location location. So if so if so if so if so if okay uh okay like you're you're you're you're you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor I mean okay you know know know know know well dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm uh I'm uh I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh well so um Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah acorah acorah acorah acorah and we got a lot to talk about this um okay um you know week starting starting starting starting starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have I have I have I have have have have have I have no over the past week uh like so um. We got the NFL NFL NFL NFL NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo you know okay so I mean mean mean mean mean. Yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir yes, sir MVP race and then then then then then be a and finally talk on it. We're going you know um well so to touch touch touch touch touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them um you know know know know know okay well. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre Tre Tre Tre Tre was good. Visit beautiful visit beautiful visit beautiful visit beautiful visit beautiful um um uh uh uh uh uh well day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but but but but but so like you know you know it's great pests who week of sports the the the the the past week as far as I mean like like like been amazing. We got got got got got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer and answer and answer and answer and answer questions 1 to to to to to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire you know um well um about about about about about hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let let let let let um like okay okay me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's There's There's There's There's our there's our there's our there's our there's our um I mean you you you you you know um main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the the the the the Charlton room. Sorry the child you know you know well you know sunroom sunroom sunroom sunroom sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, so so so so so well, so well, so well, so well, so well so um we are organizing organizing organizing organizing organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at okay um um um um um you know well least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the the the the the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show this show this show this this this this this show this show is not suitable like you know so you know for work because because because because because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a okay um um um um um uh like podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib nib nib nib nib episode well well you know well 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have have have have have not seen you in literal like a month ago like you know um um about a a a a a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We so um um um um um uh so usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our our our our our episodes. So this will I mean you know I mean okay come out actually actually actually actually actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in I mean okay okay okay okay okay so I mean the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave leave leave leave leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh like you know I mean well gross. Well, what what what what what well, what well, what well, what well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy um um so like it. We're again recording recording recording recording recording at a normal time. Noon. What are what are what are what are what are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what what what what what well I mean okay okay it means to be a mother and a a a a a sexual being welcome back to the mangas uh um like I mean and podcast this week week week week week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors um well you know you you you you you know of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation filled um you know you know okay with so much wisdom and insights insights insights insights insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use I mean you know you know um um um um um our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and um um um um um you know I mean I mean essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for for for for for women who work uh you know uh I mean at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And And And And And I am here to tell you about I mean so um uh the amazing app. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the so uh you know you know know know know know app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from from from from from a so like uh so friend of mine who actually does it as well well well well well because I thought at first like uh so like oh my gosh, I want want want want want to do a podcast. But how but how but how but how but how am I I I I I uh okay like you know going to do it? I have no equipment. I have have have have have no money and I want to okay like uh uh ensure that all our voices voices voices voices voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do I mean you know know know know know so like we do that on a platform without spending a lot of of of of of ton of money, especially well like I mean like when you don't know what to do do do do do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely like well like well free. There's There's There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um um like I I I I I mean bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so so so so so we uh like uh I mean can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more and you can well well you know okay make money with your your your your your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no uh um like like like like like uh minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now now now now now to just like I mean well so do it. It's everything you need to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England England England England England I mean um so well. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming wargaming wargaming wargaming wargaming in the Mortal Realms so like I mean I mean grab your D6 and and and and and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and welcome to I mean okay um you know Priority roll. My name my name my name name name name name my name my name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only so so so so so um well well Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fantastic. Thank um you know well so you. It's really. Weird listen to you you you you you at normal speed because when I listen um so like well to podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so you know so so so so so you know you know slowly? Maybe I maybe I maybe I maybe I I I I I maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, uh uh uh uh uh like like like my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to to to to to listen to me, you know, get um you know I mean so get the the the the the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me me me me me in uh so well well right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no no no no no need okay uh uh you know to worry or I don't need to worry that there's there's there's there's there's damage. And anyway, this I mean okay I mean um is just what I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement I mean um um um um um you know well really seems to make all the difference which I think is so so so so so cool. Hello, everybody so well I mean like today. We are joined by Jenna and she's she's she's she's she's one of my clients and she's like okay uh I mean actually turned into a quite quite quite quite quite a dear friend of mine during our time together okay well like you know. And And And And And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that well well well well well you know um um led up to her and I working together where she's at at at at at. Now what now what now what now what now what she likes um I mean mean mean mean mean well you know about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're you you you you you know um like okay just making Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot lot lot lot lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's so like so okay usually a bunch of like slow slow slow slow slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics well okay um okay okay okay okay okay and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait wait wait wait wait either well you know uh you know. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to to to to to see a little bit a little my hole like well uh like with a little little little little little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that I I I I I mean okay uh uh a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them I I I I I mean I mean I mean well and I'm Johan and this week. We've got got got got got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you know know know know know uh like you know so I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason reason reason reason reason that's happened well well um uh in the news and I think the bigger story which which which which which we thought was kind of entertaining like okay okay uh was Donald Trump and Modi had had had had had a little chat together. So Trump went so like um so to India. Oh, yes yes yes yes yes Trump went to India and then when he was so like so so there, there, there, there, there, I mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump um you know okay um all the time and we've tried to avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid it because they like to be boring so okay like um right now. I I I I I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this um um um um um so um so is hilarious. So I so I so I so I so I I I I I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names so well I I I I I mean um and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I I I I I so you know you know well mean like he tried his hardest to get there like like like like like to talk about them, which um I mean you know so is good. I mean I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person person person person person to talk about Cricket? well well well well well well well well well well well well well well you know I mean Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so I I I I I mean so well okay much for checking out our podcast really hope that that that that that today's teaching in carriages. You well you well you well you well you well okay okay okay okay okay so uh inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's let's let's let's let's go well um um okay check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that that that that that would really Define who we are well you know like uh as a church church church church church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity so I mean I I I I I mean you know to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe believe believe believe believe in deeper Taco something like um well you know in uncertain. May God may God may may may may may God may God may God go in and bring it on. I believe we are are are are are so okay so okay going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the the the the the Holy Spirit to be like so well um in our midst who can can can can can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes includes you know uh I mean I mean discussions of murder and assault that some some some some some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme like um like well Caution for for for for for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 1968 1968 1968 1968 you know like you know okay in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of of of of of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty uh uh okay okay 19 year old woman made her her her her her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down by the okay so okay um heavy carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota well I I I I I mean I mean okay looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She She She She She found she found she found she found she found endless days of uh like like like like like um okay gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today today today today today. I'm so like like you know talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a a a a a junior at Cupertino High School and um um well um a national euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected well I mean okay okay okay okay okay like as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State All-State All-State All-State All-State honor band so well uh um in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate Allstate honor bound and ranked as one um you know so um of of the top high high high high high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie like you know uh okay okay okay okay okay has been accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound bound bound bound bound in the nation I mean I mean well well this past summer Natalie's placed second second second second second in the student division of the international euphonium like um well uh and tuba tuba tuba tuba tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth youth youth youth youth well well you know well he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only well well well well well like uh I mean the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect that's that's that's that's that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect that's perfect for spreading on your well um like well well well well well morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject subject subject subject subject for um um so uh debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 uh so you know like Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to to to to to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I like well uh okay am joined joined joined joined joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor so I I I I I mean I mean I mean. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's what's what's what's what's up? Okay Southwest this episode you know so like you know of the hottest take take take take take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline you know okay you know know know know know um of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know know know know know. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, right. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like you you you you you know uh well okay to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app app app app app or go to so so uh you know Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It It It It It has made it. So easy guys, you know um okay so I did not not not not not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had um well I mean so so so so so only known it like five ten years before early because all I need um I I I I I mean I mean so to do is download the anchor. I have have have have have I have I have I have I have record my voice in it and and and and and just you know I mean so you know click post and anchor will do do do do do all the job for me. It will it will it will it will it it it it it will publish so so so like it in all the major podcast sides. You know know know know know apps that are available and I do I mean so so I mean not need to to to to to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need so I I I I I mean you know I mean to make use of it. If you if you you you you you if you if you if you have a message if you have well you know know know know know you know so some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out out out out out to the world or well you know okay well simply want to post something make make make make make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone uh uh like like welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this so this so this so this so this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to you you you you you know okay well um the one Bitcoin show. Today is today is today today today today today is today is today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin well well well well well uh like so is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk well so so so so so okay okay about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider Insider Insider Insider Insider information okay um well so. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello my Elite friends. How you how you how you how you how you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you you you you you okay well so uh a little bit today about some happen to me the other other other other other day and they've uh well well uh asked me if I tell you you you you you about it just because it kind so um um you know of changed my my my my my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed it changed it changed it it it it it changed it changed his life changed uh like okay uh my aunts life changed everybody's life life life life life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter I mean you know okay um um um um um shop. But today but today but today but today but today I walked in there and I I I I I was trying to steal couple parts okay I mean uh well because my Ford ain't ain't ain't ain't ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh well doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got got got got got something I so I mean uh you know need to tell you want to to to to to take a seat right there. Tie a tie a tie a tie a tie tie tie tie tie a uh uh like I mean seat right there. He said I want want want want want to tell you about something that I found well so okay so out they if you you you you you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You um you know okay okay okay okay okay uh did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make you you you you you know um uh I mean podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This you you you you you know like well uh is Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva Villanueva Villanueva Villanueva Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've I mean um uh I mean got a couple of of of of of a couple cool things to talk about including a okay you know like like like like like like an interesting scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles well well well well well you know uh I mean and see what's going on over in the Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines Philippines. I'm not much is going on still I mean uh um um saying The coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking like well so so so so so you know do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this this this this this is an you know I mean you know you know interesting one and something something something something something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean well that have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for well well well well well so so uh season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in in in in in the business you know you know okay you know of getting Star Wars scoops of of of of of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth from wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears disappears disappears disappears disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs so okay well okay 13 11. I I I I I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to um well um um um um um you know visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending spending spending spending spending habits the author uh okay uh you know of the article shared that through through through through through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks well you know I I I I I mean I mean of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give give give give give up things. She okay like um uh really loved to save money that realization realization realization realization realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and well well uh you know know know know know helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about about about about about I mean okay okay like an hour they discussed her background shared screens to to to to to look at a monthly credit okay well um I mean card statement and addressed goals for for for for for the week. The financial the financial the financial the financial the financial accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability was intended to um you know like uh help her prepare and save for for for for for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full well you you you you you know um you know of wise advice on how to handle and how to to to to to view Money In fact you know um um you know money is mentioned hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard uh uh uh uh uh so so uh today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career career career career career paths well I mean I mean well creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is is is is is a podcast about taking The Road you know like I mean well Less Less Less Less Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops so I mean mean mean mean mean um you know. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your your your your your host. Host Athena Calderone I mean I mean uh okay author interior designer cook cook cook cook cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer uh so so so so so uh you know. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? do do do do Well it you know so like okay is and that's exactly why we're here every every every every every week. I'm going to be sitting down well uh uh like with another multi - it it it it it whom I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a a a a a lot uh you know okay okay beaches? You can't hope to control we we we we we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's fun you know uh uh okay okay okay okay okay. You have you have you have you have you have made me very desperate. You You You You You might not be glad that you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast is podcast mechanically strong language language language language language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney I mean like like like like like okay I mean personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's that's that's that's that's cool Gary um well uh uh research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came came came came came a personal experiences well okay so you know guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case so okay um um at page Carnegie such. He He He He He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the like um um I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer well well well well well well so so and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell cell cell cell cell kumarangiri or Machinery, like okay uh like okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let I mean okay I mean uh me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and so I mean I mean I mean edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast uh so um um um um um you know for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you I mean you know like well can make money from from from from from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship is is is is is everything you need to you know uh I mean uh make podcasts in one one one one one place download the free ankle up or good so okay you know so Echo the the the the the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth like I I I I I mean okay I mean talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but but but but but not just money wealth um like um you know means wisdom expansion assets. Love Love Love Love Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is like well um you know know know know know not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about it's it's it's it's it's about it's about it's about it's about establishing so you know I mean um Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the ostrich a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the like okay um I mean word of of of of of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be um um um um um uh uh you know priced. This is this is this is this is this is episode episode episode episode episode number 12 to this word will be read so I mean well so so so so so from John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So So So So So have I Loved like um well you know You Now remain in my love love love love love. If you if you if you if you if you keep my commands, you will will will will will remain I mean um um okay in my love just as I have have have have have kept my father's commands and remain in his like um uh you know love I I I I I have told you this so that my joy may be in you like well so okay okay okay okay okay and that your joy may be complete. My command my command my command command command command command my command my command is this love each other as like well well you know I I I I I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down so so so so so so like I mean one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want I I I I I want I want I want I want to well like well um thank you for your your your your your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy like I mean like like like like like uh this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to to to to to make podcast. It's totally well you know okay um free that's creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right you know you know you know know know know know so from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you you you you uh I mean so uh can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google Google Google Google Google podcast and many more you can okay uh well you know also make money from your your your your your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download like I I I I I mean I mean you know the free. God will go to Anchor FM to to to to to get started. Hey, what's up uh uh you know well guys today? We have what what what what what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one you know okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one one one one one uh uh so like that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually individually individually individually individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half half half half half Molly's I mean um you know um. I am use of Muhammad formerly known known known known known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just just just just just I'm just so uh okay um playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? saying saying saying saying My name is Holly. I'm well uh you know um with formerly known as as as as as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is okay okay um um um um um well go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on on on on on like you know okay um YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There There There There There is not any more. This is just for okay I mean well so your listening listening listening listening listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the car where it's not not not not not so um I mean I mean so easy to watch the video version. This is is is is is why this audio version exists. If uh uh well okay you like us doing this, this, this, this, this, please do leave us a review wherever your well okay well uh podcasts we we we we we really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So today's so today's so so so so so today's so today's so today's highly recognizable well um so so protagonist was hailed as as as as as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology I I I I I mean so you know well and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's today's today's today's today's popular culture and Collective so um so you know imagination. It cannot be understated understated understated understated understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you like you know know know know know okay you know can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his his his his his work Walt Disney once um well I mean so famously said that laughter laughter laughter laughter laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually so like well well well well well um travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all show last last last last last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay you know you know you know know know know know um emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading you know know know know know like I mean okay shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the the the the the second was handled Tastefully well like you know well but both fans of the show show show show show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on um okay well uh Reddit passionate Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have so like like like like like I mean well its cake and eat it too with one trending post led led led led led by user and ingenious um um like like username saying how the producers run run run run run the show creates a Asik environment for um you know um so bullying and the the the the the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The okay well well well well well uh um Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role role role role role in facilitating toxic I mean you know like you know environments. The show is is is is is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a I mean you know know know know know um like villain. You can't you can't you can't you can't you can't guarantee an an an an an engagement or a happily ever after but every like I mean okay um single single single single single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past like like like like like well I mean well infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here here here here here at College I mean well uh uh Christian church for the college age. And today today today today today we are talking about emotions or loneliness in you know um you know like our our our our our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? Girl Girl Girl Girl I'm well well uh you know doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have have have have have you here. Taylor is going to walk uh uh you know okay us through through through through through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast with okay okay okay okay okay you know well you know Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness loneliness started with you? It started in you know so I mean well high school. I I I I I could I could I could I could I could see it sprouting, but I I I I I had a good Community there, but it um you know well you know really started to to to to to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred percent and what so you know okay okay okay okay okay like ways do you think like a kind of came about in college? Well, I I I I I okay I mean I mean I mean came to Missouri Southern I go go go go go to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two um um um um um um um okay people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of a SMR SMR SMR SMR SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest uh um well okay way to make make make make make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to well well okay okay okay okay okay you know provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has it has has has has has it has it has it has creation tools that well okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone phone phone phone phone computer. You may okay I mean I mean okay remember Episodes of my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made okay you know uh you you you you you know it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my you you you you you know uh um well phone. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You you know so so so so so so you know can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at at at at at okay so like well the Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to to to to to try and provide an well okay um you know exegesis of the literal literal literal literal literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew so so you know know know know know like chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said jesus said jesus said jesus said said said said said jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how you know you know I mean mean mean mean mean so it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy enemy enemy enemy enemy. But I say this I mean so you know um to you love your your your your your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this okay uh okay well way way way way way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his his his his his sun to well like so um rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need I need I need I need I need to tell tell tell tell tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m okay okay so okay. Anchor is a a a a a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything um okay you know uh uh uh uh uh you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the the the the the major um um so well channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of of of of of charge you can make like uh so I mean money with no minimum listenership and and and and and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor I mean um like um app or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling darling darling darling darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we today we today we today we today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in in in in in Freddy with um okay so um poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking talking talking talking talking to Jane Louis co-founder so so uh well of two birds the first woman woman woman woman woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt so I mean um um um um um okay gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song song song song song by brooke-taylor uh um well like to be performing this Sunday the 8th of of of of of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls so uh like uh at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate International women's day will also have five beers you know uh uh uh on tap from from from from from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and okay okay okay okay okay like um um have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two two two two two episodes you know well so um on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion passion passion passion passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend uh well um like Conrad Roy from committing suicide on on on on on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then I mean uh well okay encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did did did did did well okay you know okay the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear hear hear hear hear more about So it's like so so well well this follow Crimes of Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due uh I mean well you you you you you know to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes includes you know well you know I mean discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some some some some some people may find offensive. We advise we advise we advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one one one one one word. Anchor I mean um um like anchor is the easiest way for you you you you you to start and make a podcast. I'll um I'll um I'll um I'll um I'll um um um um um I mean like uh explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available available available available available to you that allow you you know well well well to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once you um um um um um I mean um I mean finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your your your your your podcast too many different I mean I mean uh you know platforms, including Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's and it's and it's and it's and it's it's it's it's it's that easy now not only is Anchor I mean you know so you know easy to to to to to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to make uh uh uh uh uh so I mean okay money talking about the things that you love with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. I like uh um um know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good good good good good to be true. How so you know well I mean much is it cost me me me me me to use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? so um okay I mean It It It It It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and uh okay okay okay okay okay I mean so Channing show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was was was was was I'm here like like you know so. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas pas pas pas pas. But what but what but what but what but what about all the people who who who who who aren't so I mean so so listening in the morning? Good night for for for for for another episode of the my coolant shitty so like so okay show of that that that that that. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that um like well you know you you you you you are listening to our little podcast. We say thanks for coming okay you know know know know know well uh back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're really glad glad glad glad glad you're nice to um like you know um meet you how it look like you you you you you hit play Hey for all of so um like so you that haven't done done done done done this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us I mean like like like like like uh you know five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're you're you're you're you're listening this uh um I mean you know morning, you can follow us on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got a Facebook group for I I I I I mean uh uh like you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a um um um um um like uh well 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred hundred hundred hundred hundred eighty thousand titles you know uh you know so to choose from for your your your your your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into I mean so so so so so uh uh today's episode. I just I just I just I just I just want want want want want to take a minute to talk to you about okay well like I mean making making making making making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of okay you know know know know know so okay Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing interactive you know well uh you know web app that enables children ages 13 and and and and and up and adults with special okay so okay like needs to make friends based on on on on on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and okay okay uh um caregivers can also also also also also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more for more for more for more for more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out out out out out our podcast um I mean I mean like host many of you might already know know know know know that we record each episode using anchor, but you know you know okay okay okay okay okay I mean if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's It's It's It's It's the easiest okay um okay um most efficient way to record a podcast you can can can can can make money from the podcast with you know uh like you know no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that uh uh so like allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer anchor distributes well okay okay like your podcast for you. That you can listen listen listen listen listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other I mean okay I mean I mean platforms and and and and and the best part is it's free. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything it's everything you need to make uh I mean you know so a podcast in in in in in one place. So get so get so get so get so get on it it it it it and go download the free anchor app well okay um um or go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the the the the the True you know I mean you know uh Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness witness witness witness witness nor you know like so I mean Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th. And thank God. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know about about about about about I mean um okay um you guys. But those but those but those those those those those but those but those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and and and and and so so you know like pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me me me me me something to work with like so well well and we certainly have something to work with with with with with feel like we're answering August questions in so you know so um February. I know I I I I I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and so I mean I I I I I mean so That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our our our our our belt we like you know like like can talk about that will talk talk talk talk talk extensively about that. I want to start with the like you know uh well in in in in in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday I mean well well well well well um okay of the guys that stood out to you and I put out out out out out a list this uh you know you know like morning of the five that the five five five five five that thrived I thought yesterday and I so okay I mean you know we we we we we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but so so so so so well I mean so Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this this this this this I mean I mean well uh podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the the the the the reality of being restored to life uh um well um again through stories testimonies and casual casual casual casual casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of okay uh um um the time messy messy messy messy messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey hey hey hey hey everybody hey everybody today so uh like I mean. I have my good friend will with with with with with me on the show. What up, well so uh I mean he is is is is is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me okay um so okay okay okay okay okay. That's right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the the the the the like I mean uh well Christian world and what that looks like is that good good good good good sounds fantastic. I so you know well well um just tell me a little bit bit bit bit bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection reflection reflection reflection reflection okay well like like of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova then then then then then Tova then Tova then Tova then Tova breakfast is also sponsored uh um like okay okay okay okay okay anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will I mean mean mean mean mean okay um like be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as as as as as all the singles you know you know um okay of marriageable age. And as as as as as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so well um um um um um um okay in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but but but but but the well well you know you know key a cold brew is dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella so okay okay okay empanadas and and and and and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't so uh so so so so so um have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I Robert I Robert I Robert I I I I I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating uh you know well well well well well uh they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking asking asking asking asking you know uh you know so this is a clinic. This is Aztec Aztec Aztec Aztec Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome like welcome like welcome like welcome like welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome like so I mean so to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name my my my my my name my name my name my name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like not joined by anybody today as has become custom custom custom custom custom just because of scheduling things well I mean uh you know. Like I've said today today today today today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course I mean so so so so so well so of the week to come up with things that I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to talk about. And you know, uh okay well I mean I woke up this this this this this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your um um um um um like I mean so hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going I'm going going going going going I'm going I'm going I'm going to tell you guys okay like okay um um um um um about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a a a a a case suggestion by um like so um a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you you you you you so much for listening and leaving well I mean um you know a comment for for for for for us and we're excited to share this case with you okay I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November well you know know know know know like you know 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana Montana Montana Montana Montana to so uh you know uh get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 11 11 11 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you like like like like like like okay I mean how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning morning morning morning morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes you know well okay um years to connect connect connect connect connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would so well well well well well okay I mean eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman woman woman woman woman. It would take so um so um years for police to connect him him him him him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator okay okay I mean so so so so so who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, but your well uh like so bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup cup cup cup cup of murder you know okay I mean like on May 6th. 1986 21 year year year year year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas like um so so so so so you know Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, you you you you you know well like I mean let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way to make a podcast. Let you know uh I mean you know me explain explain explain explain explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow you know I mean so I mean you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your phone or computer and anchor I mean so okay I mean will will will will will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts okay okay okay okay okay like you know so and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you you you you you can make money like you know uh uh from your podcast with no no no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a okay uh so well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out out out out out uh well um uh there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F m-- to you know like like um get started and now a word about about about about about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all I mean well I mean I I I I I mean of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one one one one one place for okay I mean well okay free. You don't even need a premium account account account account account Spotify has a huge catalogue of so okay um well podcasts on every every every every every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to the third episode of my like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean well beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had had had had had a good uh well you know I mean day. We're using the mic this time time time time time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except um you know well I mean it's on on on on on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some well so so so so so so uh like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa Whoa. Um, we've got okay um okay you know some great stuff in store for you you you you you. We have a stick listen to this. Okay uh okay okay you know. That was fun fun fun fun fun. What are what are what are what are what are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, not drugs, not drugs, not drugs, not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk talk talk talk talk about I mean well like um anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast uh okay well well. Let me explain it's free free free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit you know I mean so so so so so so your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you like I mean okay uh so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple pie case and many more well well um I mean you can make money from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's so I mean so um everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor um um um um um I mean I mean I mean app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get get get started. Are you I mean um well okay going to love this one? I put put put put put I put I put I put I put out so much content that if if if if if you listen well so okay uh to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This This This This This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is being brought to you by by by by by you know uh uh well anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast hosting and distribution side okay you know okay I mean and an app is well, well, well, well, well, if you aren't aware of what it is. It's like it's like it's like it's it's it's it's it's like it's like okay like well definitely one of the best apps that you you you you you can go and find out anchor will you know you know I mean I I I I I mean help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also like like like like like um so so has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right right right right right from a phone um you know like I mean or a computer. It's basically basically basically basically basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in one you know um um um um um I mean um place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go go go go go to so you know well I mean Anchor or FM to get started started started started started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, so so so uh I'm good. And And And And And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, you know I mean like like like like like you know man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am I am I am I am I am calling calling calling calling calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall so so like well. See if if if if if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going okay like you know you you you you you know to hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze Breeze Breeze Breeze Breeze of well like I mean so Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just just just just just wanted I mean um you know you know to go over I sold myself short short short short short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities so uh uh um. I think think think think think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember uh okay so so so so so so what I got. My boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend my my my my my boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful uh um uh so cards out, out, out, out, out, but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got so I I I I I mean I mean like him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he he he he he loves cheesecake and I also got um you know uh so him Star Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the indoor stronger stronger stronger stronger stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to uh okay so uh guide guide guide guide guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies okay uh like like like like like okay for life and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we you know know know know know so I mean so bring the most interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to to to to to inspire you and keep you um well well um entertained on those long slow slow slow slow slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer um uh well uh uh uh uh uh and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a a a a a well so like you know charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook at facebookcom okay um well uh. Slash and draw stronger and on Instagram and Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter and draw stronger. You well well well okay can also join our Facebook Community by by by by by clicking visit group on our page um um so I mean and sending us a a a a a member of West if you're enjoying the show, please, so so okay so please please please please please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask ask ask ask ask okay so well um that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven seven seven seven seven years old okay so um um Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert uh so okay you know Boos. Oh the the the the the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and um well uh um I assure you you you you you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years okay well well I I I I I mean but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because because because because because he like um um okay has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying saying saying saying saying like three four weeks at a uh um uh okay time or maybe even even even even even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm uh I I I I I mean well okay talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times times times times times I mean um uh I mean. He has a lot of stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business I I I I I mean I mean so um owners looking for a better way in business and and and and and life this week. We're looking for okay I mean so like a better way to manage manage manage manage manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? well like well like like like like like well like well like well like well well I'm really glad we decided decided decided decided decided to look at this book this week because I well okay so you know know know know know like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much of of of of of like I mean well so this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since since since since since I read this book, but you know um okay uh it kind of just there there there there there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my okay uh uh uh uh uh you know you know routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate integrate integrate integrate integrate at you know so well uh the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector Vector Vector Vector Vector is vector is vector is vector is vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even um well well well well well well I mean use it. I know I know I know I know I know know know know know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so like like like like like like you know okay hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special special special special special guest for haven't uh I mean so I mean eaten the sexy. Lift my my my my my lift my lift my lift my lift my English the funding. What are what what what what what are what are what are what are you here for the I mean you you you you you know I mean I mean title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but but but but but English on the okay well so um translator is interpreter translating right or crooked crooked crooked crooked crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, well so like um Ben tell us who you you you you you are and who you are Nick. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the the the the the dominating Edge today well like well well. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So So So So So stick around when I was a kid so well you know uh. Kid growing up up up up up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old um well well well well well you know um. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I I I I I wanted to so okay okay I mean accept an offer to play in the school's jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz band. I was I was I was I was I was a um I I I I I mean well well trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to Legends cast a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast about the cards The Meta and the community well like I mean like of of of of of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become become become become become a supporter well so well like of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast cast cast cast cast. Let's do this. Hello and welcome uh um you know well to Legends cast a a a a a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community um you know okay you you you you you know of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or or or or or the lift outside you know okay okay uh of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit uh okay well you know of an an an an an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our schedules to uh uh uh uh uh so I mean like work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can can can can can listen like you know well you know to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in in in in in one place for free without a well uh I mean well premium account Spotify has has has has has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you like like I mean mean mean mean mean so can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium premium premium premium premium users can like like uh okay download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever whenever whenever whenever whenever and easily share what you're like so so like listening to with your friends friends friends friends friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be so so um um um um um um sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse browse browse browse browse podcasts okay I mean you know you know in the your library tab. Also, make make make make make sure to follow me. So you you know I mean well well never miss miss miss miss miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 uh uh uh uh uh well okay well the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals goals goals goals goals by Rachel so um um uh Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host host host host host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric um you know you know I mean traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on on on on on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually I mean um you know like posterior posterior posterior posterior posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years years years years years so um I mean you know of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia anesthesia anesthesia anesthesia anesthesia or sedation open reduction okay I mean you know uh may be required if if if if if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries okay uh okay you know know know know know are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And And And And And like I mean okay you know these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric pediatric patients. Again. These injuries well I mean well uh are more common than hip hip hip hip hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury I mean so so well in patients aged aged aged aged aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports um well well well well well okay uh injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky Unlucky at um well so so lap record, but it's fun time with you. See See See See See for forward Tyler did all that I mean you know you know um all all all all all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the the the the the unluckiest so um I mean so Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have have have have have any rainbows on the island. So uh like so well if there were no no no no no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody like like well you know and and and and and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you you you you you who so uh like well don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and and and and and there were some major major news you know like you know uh dropped today and and and and and I'm sure you know about it. I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't I don't know how much so like you know uh time you've had to think think think think think about this but this is a new story that really I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so um does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's it's it's it's it's time you uh I mean well uh have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it it it it it is about the new baby so so well I mean. I figured we'd we'd we'd we'd we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did as much research research research research research so like um okay. You looked into it to find out what her deal deal deal deal deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most most most most most um so um okay Sinister. I cannot I cannot I cannot I cannot I I I I I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets uh uh uh uh uh like like so to come to your shows. You don't you don't you don't don't don't don't don't you don't you don't need this right here. I promise you you want want want want want so so like like the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a a a a a lasso around. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, so so so so so so well like this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to um uh uh uh uh uh okay you know hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's who's who's who's who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations um okay um um the class. He teaches he teaches he he he he he teaches he teaches he teaches a class called leadership development. So he so he so so so so so he so he so he asked Jonny to I mean you know um uh come in in in in in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core so so so so so I mean um so values talks about how important those are and how vital it it it it it is to know what you know so so you know your core values are so so so so so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled like like like like like like okay uh programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have we we we we we have we have we have we have our Flamingo okay you know so so so so so okay correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from arango arango arango arango arango from arango from arango from arango from the I mean um okay I mean mean mean mean mean American Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode episode episode episode episode where you know well uh I mean we outline why the flamingo is the most badass badass badass badass badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're you they're you they're you they're you they're you you you you you know uh okay uh they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call call call call call today. Sure. I I mean um I mean like don't know if you're on on on on on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has like like well I mean mean mean mean mean been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It It It It It was, you know okay well um okay brought to my attention by a few people people people people people. It looks like a picture from a okay um uh so flamingo crime scene. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and hello hello hello hello hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to I mean like uh you know know know know know the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal uh uh uh uh uh um um so. I'm here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL LL LL LL LL. Oh and you're the like I mean uh you know CEO season 21 episode episode episode episode episode 15 swim. Being with being with being with being with being with the the the the the sharks baby shower okay like so well. Yeah, it's great. If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't joined us before welcome. Let us let us let us let us let us us us us us tell you well like like so ahead of time that if you find find find find find yourself in a situation where you need okay um I mean um help, please please please please please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is okay um you know know know know know like 165 six four six seven three one eight hundred six, five six six six six six four, six um like I mean so seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic errands and parking parking parking parking parking cars can be a chore but a great car you know like you know uh uh uh uh uh can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget budget budget budget budget or like like okay okay family require. There's a car out there. You'll love love love love love we're here to help you so well okay I mean find it. I'm Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I well uh uh uh uh uh uh you know am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating heating heating heating heating pads weren't you're happy okay um so okay for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy happy happy happy happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars so like so uh in the winter sort of of of of of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it well okay you know like like like like like honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it it it it it um um I mean uh out of the garage and having some work done done done done done start start. I'm trying to wrap um um I mean you you you you you know my head around this you started it last night started was the day day day day day after Christmas um I mean you know like. So that's been like what three three three three three months as of this report. Last time. It moved so um so well was was was was was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, way, way, way, way, um well uh so where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted granted granted granted granted it's not a heavy car like um you know so is true. I could tell tell tell tell tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard hard hard hard hard like uh so uh and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon believe it or not uh uh okay well today. We will we will we we we we we will we will we will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our our our our our I mean I mean okay so last page of rough road today today today today today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We um um okay uh thought for today's today's today's today's today's death. We would we would we would we would we would actually just it's it's it's it's it's really just part of an unload I mean uh um you know we would just just just just just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of okay okay okay okay okay I mean um okay its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is is is is is Really the first topic that's on okay you know so okay the top. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add Del Canto you know know know know know so uh um The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need I need I I I I I need I need I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and uh like like like like like so okay evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is is is is is Netter. Just talking to so well you know like teachers welcome to this week's Dale Dale Dale Dale Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts you know uh I I I I I mean well and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a a a a a strip Back Lean so okay well um podcast this week. So there so there there there there there so there so there so there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual usual usual usual usual you know okay um like podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music music music music music film and books. They will um you know I mean you know return next week. So So So So So it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful I mean you you you you you know um okay ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict strict strict strict strict back podcast is that I'm so I mean uh well recording especially early in the the the the the week this week because I have just been recording a couple of you know know know know know I mean so uh Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you well well well well well uh uh like like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, then we've got the like so um uh podcast for you. We are are are are are we are we are we are we are dude for Thought come join us us us us us as we try okay um you know I mean to find the line between between between between between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, uh hey, uh hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, uh hey, uh hey, uh uh so okay if you're listening to this, you you you you you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know okay okay okay okay okay you know okay I mean. We're just we're just we're just we're just we're just kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like well so so like like like like like hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low so so so so so uh okay uh blow but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call call call call call it you know like like I mean the Tim and Chris Donna podcast for now, now, now, now, now, of course town and so so you know you know Tim podcast, which ever ever ever ever ever one sounds better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, you know okay okay okay okay okay okay well I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast is first time something something something something something new just so so well uh you know had an idea one day day day day day like hey, you know, we do have a lot okay like like uh of of of of of talks and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought I mean mean mean mean mean okay you know you know hey, you know might as well try to to to to to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about about about about about the gross I mean okay you know um margin impact of a successful launch of of of of of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid uh so you know okay model X X X X X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from I mean mean mean mean mean I mean uh um a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on on on on on this shout out to the uh well like um third row podcast. I came up the the the the the idea for this episode. We were we were we were we were we we we we we were just recording and so uh uh you know we're talking about this new track track track track track package that came out for the model 3 I mean I mean you know so so so so so. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new new new new new so you know I mean uh tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which which which which which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay you know uh um um five and a a a a a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake I mean like like um pads pads pads pads pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten like like like like like so okay like some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I I I I I was just thinking so um uh like like wow, there's so much opportunity for for for for for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance so okay well like Brand to upsell upsell upsell upsell upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die uh like like like like like um um Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is is is is is one example, okay like like uh but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be like I I I I I mean okay um telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's It's It's It's It's the best app to use for okay I mean like well any type of podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or um I mean well well well well well so any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't just go on like um you know you know acre. They post they post they post they they they they they post they post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure and to help uh I I I I I mean well I mean you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need need need need need in one place and it um you know well well is the best platform platform platform platform platform to create. Any type of podcast I think this is episode 4 well you know I I I I I mean um. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know how how how how how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid you know like so I I I I I mean. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest rest rest rest rest doesn't uh um okay um matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the the the the the combine that just happened and okay uh so uh how the Panthers are going to to to to to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're you're you're you're you're okay okay um like having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows shows shows shows shows a good uh okay well um one. Nice Feel nice Feel nice Feel nice Feel Feel Feel Feel Feel nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion. We have okay so um okay conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V V V V V play from the New Orleans um um well I mean Saints playoff game that you you you you you would want to hear the answer from has a very good so well you know uh uh uh uh uh answer. Also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron Jones in the Green Green Green Green Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation well so like I mean that you could potentially potentially potentially potentially potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you uh so well um enough for choosing choosing choosing choosing choosing to listen to this show. I mean I mean I mean I mean I I I I I mean you could do okay like um so a lot of other things with with with with with your earholes right now. A lot of the well uh well well things people people people people people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use I use I I I I I use I use I use Q-tips all so you know I mean okay the time. I I I I I love I love I love I love I love me too. I love Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, uh so like well by the way, though though though though though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push you know okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you have you have you have you have you been looking for a a a a a way to start a podcast? If so, if so, if so, if so, if so, so, so, so, so, look you know like okay okay no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's it's it's it's it's the easiest way to make a um uh okay like podcast. Literally it's free. There's no no no no no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host well well you know uh uh uh uh uh your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast um um um um um like so I mean right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So you you know so uh um don't have to mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and like so so um um um um um apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make make make make make money okay you know you know um. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's everything that you want in a um you know um I mean podcast in in in in in one place. You have something to say you want to get it um well you you you you you know well out. You want to write a note just upload and turn turn turn turn turn on your anchor uh I mean you know um app on your phone and hit hit hit hit hit record and save notes to your library to I mean so I mean like like like like like upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor okay I mean you know like it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a hundred percent um um um um um well okay okay free this creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast you know I mean like so right from your phone, or you you you you you can do it from your computer. Anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we we we we we anchor we okay um like so do the rest. It's going to distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like well um um like apple podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can um like I mean I mean mean mean mean mean actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you you you need I mean um you know I mean to make a podcast and one place place place place place download the free anchor app or so so uh so go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up I mean okay okay okay okay okay uh like Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest invest invest invest invest our money I mean you know so um in the more entertaining way. My name is is is is is Keen arrivals. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a photographer by the the the the the so okay um like day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards cards cards cards cards and this show okay um like I mean I'll be sitting down with you you you you you and sharing my best practices. You learn my so uh um like process the lessons. I've I've I've I've I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned I've learned and more importantly who who who who who you should be buying like like well well sup guys and welcome back to the the the the the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't so so you know so I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my my my my my okay I mean uh okay guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss in a mica covid so uh you know you know Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Anabolic Anabolic Anabolic Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ uh well okay you you you you you know and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code code code code code. Just like well well so listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again again again again again. This is huge and you're listening well like so um to good answers. Hi, I'm youths youths youths youths youths and we are living to have you here with us you know well okay okay okay okay okay okay on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello like like like like like like okay um. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this this this this this is huge and okay like like I mean you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're counting counting counting counting counting we're counting we're counting we're counting down the you know um so well top 31 Sports Sports Sports Sports Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from 1992 um okay okay okay okay okay you know so. When the when the when the when the when the Little Little Little Little Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths so I mean mean mean mean mean so uh from the Philippines. It was it was it was it was it was a a a a a team that captivated the world until deceptions of like um you know so so so so so age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events events events events events from okay well okay um history tune in right here. Day to to to to to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify well so well uh or wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you get your podcasts. The Little the Little the Little the Little the Little League League League League League World Series is perhaps the so well well okay most well-known event in international Youth Youth Youth Youth Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of okay uh well um um um um um fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament the tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly he clearly he he he he he clearly he clearly he clearly declares some 91 well you know you know um um um um um over your life. No virus no virus no virus no virus no virus can Prevail Prevail Prevail Prevail Prevail over the spirit of God plead the you know well I mean uh blood blood blood blood blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even even even even even come like so okay I mean close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did okay well like okay you hear this more more more more more people are dying now and this was happening is coming well well uh um close close close close close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come okay okay okay okay okay so like well to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked kicked kicked kicked kicked out of okay um well like Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into into into into into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of none of none of none of none of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here so um like like like like like um with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on like like like like like well um uh this episode we are man for episode is really funny because because because because because we're just kind so you know like you know of diving. All right all right all all all all all right all right all right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I I I I I have I mean like I mean you know a feeling that this is going to be be be be be a serious. So we'll call it like like like you know vol 1 but but but but but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um Okay, so I extended so I had I lived lived lived lived lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So um I mean well I mean I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just just just just just what I mean like well so would that look like? Well, this is is is is is a very small part of what we I mean you know um uh are talking about about about about about in today's episode. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's get get get get get things started. The coronavirus is so like well well the Talk of the Town right right right right right now and today I want to cover it uh well um well in some detail detail detail detail detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode uh I mean uh you know know know know know I want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial uh uh uh uh uh okay well well emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having having having having having on well I mean so I mean well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P well well well well well um I mean you know frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm sorry. It's called it's called it's called it's called it's called ammo um uh uh well well well well well no photo show. Yeah, you're yeah, you're yeah, you're yeah, you're yeah, you're so dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s so okay like okay rap brother. I heard I I I I I heard I heard I heard I heard I heard because I played it for for for for for you. This one's for so um like so you man. I don't know not to to to to to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to um um like so the the the the the Moa. No photo show. We are we are we are we are we are a a a a a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster I mean like I mean I mean rap rap rap rap rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well so well um. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so so so so so don't get enough well um so okay social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to to to to to be this gangster rap so like uh you know. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg Dogg Dogg Dogg Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never I've never I've never I've never I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty sure it's where the wind well well well well well you know well so goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about about about about about what I knew of uh I mean well um it. But now but now but but but but but now but now but now I know it's also the ancestral home of two two two two two warring American factions those okay you know like you know no-good greasers and those rotten sotius sotius sotius sotius sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature so um um like. I'm your host host host host host Emily Edwards. What is what is what is what is what is it about about about about about this book? That just gets it uh okay so uh I mention it it it it it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with so like you know you know me me me me me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I so so so so so so uh so am really good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have have have have have I mean so uh okay you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host host host host host. Dr uh like so I mean. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a a a a a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also um uh um I mean the founder founder founder founder founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome you you you you you know okay I mean well anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please please please please please join us each week as like well so you know we share real sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety well okay okay okay okay okay okay well OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds like and uh well okay you know feels like will follow our guests as they they they they they overcome their biggest fears and find that okay well so you know despite their their their their their biological vulnerabilities. They can they can they can they can they can still still still still still live a rich full and meaningful life with a well you know you know know know know know so reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients clients clients clients clients do you know okay so so well to help them generalize those those those those those skills towards areas where their stock my so um I mean like model for Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help help help help help conversations so okay okay like with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Sosa of holistically well uh well uh Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and and and and and exploring Health like okay um uh through the mind and body. This week's guest guest guest guest guest needs no introduction. She is an um like you know like author Wellness consultant consultant consultant consultant consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping okay you know know know know know um like others find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted rooted rooted rooted rooted in trust without shame. She well like um so is the magic behind words for for for for for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my so so you know um all-time all-time all-time all-time all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has um um um um um okay well um been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags. When When When When When I mean uh so like big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the the the the the voice of DJ you know uh uh I mean Scream big Bankers his time time time time time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got so I mean so so so so so okay family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome uh you you you you you know um uh. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's you it's you it's you it's you it's you know know know know know so okay okay a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a a a a a uh um uh so conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your your your your your partner and well, why don't I mean okay I mean well women man man man man man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're well well well well well well like you know going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell I I I I I mean like um okay the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big big big big big fast tradition. Can you can you can you can you can you do like I I I I I mean like uh that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left left left left left off last time we talked well well you know you know it was just just just just just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh uh how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it it it it it you know uh you know well you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today today today today today. I'm you know um okay I mean going to be bringing on a friend friend friend friend friend of mine this woman and I met let's see here well uh I mean like like like like like probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that that that that that so okay like um now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All All All All All of that well so you know well kind of thing usually is what we would would would would would talk about when we get together I mean um so okay. She's since moved away away away away away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a uh uh uh I I I I I mean while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent spent spent spent spent the last several well like so like years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into into into into into it whenever I met her you know I mean uh you know and she has has has has has spent all these years doing that. So she's so she's so she's so she's so she's she's she's she's she's going to share okay okay uh I mean some of her knowledge of herbs and and and and and we had a really good discussion. I well so um uh have to apologize that that that that that I have not figured out yet, which I need um you know um like to to to to to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of of of of of you are um like uh okay those who benefit others so I'm a thief thief thief thief thief and here I am. And we like you know I mean you know are your hosts hosts hosts hosts hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what is good y'all welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to this week's episode of talks with okay well um like taboo. Welcome to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to this week's episode of the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow you know like like I mean and you can smell smell smell smell smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks so so so so so so so like out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's you you you you you know I mean I mean well episode. I just I just I just I I I I I just I just want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I well you you you you you know um uh will be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next next next next next day of March the 7th um um so I mean. I will I I I I I will I will I will I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and and and and and both of those shows are on okay like you know like the E - - - - - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really you know okay um um um um um so excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want want want want want to talk well uh um um about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up up up up up. Let's get into this week's episode you know like um uh. Are the podcast and and and and and the intro song this week is actually a song that um well well you you you you you know a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to to to to to like, let's give it a listen. I need I need I need I need I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards uh uh uh uh uh you know uh you know Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host host host host host Adam Simpson and I am joined I mean I mean so uh by terrie terrie terrie terrie terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay so speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought okay like like like like like like well it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you you you you you doing I mean you know so you know. I am doing fine. I was on the the the the the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the like okay okay well woo Kang now we we we we we talked for almost two and a A half like I mean okay like hours just about about about about about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back I mean okay okay okay okay okay so uh where they take it where he takes 18 pages of material material material material material and talks about that for well well uh like two hours wasn't quite quite quite quite quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot you know okay like so that that that that that Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same so so so so so so uh so time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to to to to to record what will be good and you know uh okay I mean I'm like 9:00 pm pm pm pm pm. Your time your time your time your time your time sounds good and I work work work work work backwards and like like like um uh I can wake up at that point point point point point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about like like like like like um uh uh the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of of of of of the most so um uh okay notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal normal normal normal normal con artists episode. We're exploring the um okay like so most fascinating True Crime themes themes themes themes themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips okay um well well well well well so from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore explore explore explore explore ideas. Ideas, like so you know so okay motivation method and Madness and show how how how how how interconnected the True Crime world really is so well you know like you can can can can can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to to to to to well um you know um podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted posted posted posted posted in the description like you know so okay today. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing discussing discussing discussing discussing we're discussing we're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back back back we're back we're back we're back we're back like uh well I mean with with with with with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the um um um um um okay you know um last few weeks in new cases of the virus virus virus virus virus have been going up and so so um so up as of right now. There There There There There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and you know so so so so so you know well the virus has spread fast outside of China with with with with with more than 70 countries now I mean like I mean like affected and we're we're we're we're we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week well you know okay okay okay okay okay uh the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus virus virus virus virus is well you know uh I mean with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four four four four four percent of the people who get I mean well um okay it worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based based based based based um um okay like on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a a a a a celebration of things okay well well well going wrong and what we can learn learn learn learn learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for so uh um uh them to discuss failings failings failings failings failings in their life both in their personal life and you know okay uh I I I I I mean in their career showing how much you can grow from things that uh so so so so so well so maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer uh uh uh uh uh you know so okay at mha and I'm the host for this episode today. I have have have have have the lovely so um I mean okay off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel Hazel so well well you know. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have have have have have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm I mean you know you know uh Marky Marky Marky Marky Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay so 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling feeling feeling feeling feeling very well Queen uh like like you know Hazel. And so he's chilling at at at at at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi well so so okay. Hope she's she's she's she's she's hope she's hope she's hope she's hope she's doing very well today, and she's she's she's she's she's just sitting around watching. Flex and flex and flex and flex and flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks hey folks coming to you live live live live live. If you don't know the drill you sure well uh you know so as hell hell hell hell hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you you you you you uh um um okay here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on on on on on so um okay like the ones and twos and the man the solution to to to to to our audio that is like uh I mean I mean Tyler on the dice dice dice dice dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you well I mean so you you you you you know here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now now now now now. All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you know well I mean like like like like like folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to let well you you you you you know well uh you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts cuts cuts cuts cuts and so you know well um Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This is is is is is their third generation trimmer well um well I mean featuring Advanced Skin safe technology technology technology technology technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one uh um um um um um um so of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The The The The The criminals the criminals the criminals the criminals the criminals imprisoned okay you know know know know know okay I mean there with a worst of the worst many of them were were were were were there for Life like uh you know you know others for death. By that time time time time time the electric chair had claimed the lives I mean you know so like of a a a a a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that so so like like like like like um number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there there there there there was I mean okay okay like one man on death row in 1921 who had had had had had escaped the clutches of old you know like I mean uh Sparky a longshoreman who who who who who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage um okay um like like like like like. He was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one like like like like like um you know um of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's you know um I mean I I I I I mean the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your your your your your parents uh I mean I mean well anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your your your your your trust and respect in some cases um um so um. It's even more more more more more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've well uh uh uh uh uh like well even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will will will will will. It right uh uh so um after all you're in a good relationship and and and and and the thought of betraying your current partner uh you know well uh seems impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find find find find find us like you know uh okay go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click click click click click the link in the description below well well I mean so. Thank you you you you you thank you thank you thank you thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, hey hey hey hey hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Petty Petty Petty Petty I mean uh you know so Revenge the subreddit where people post stories stories stories stories stories of small victories over those who dared uh so like I mean to cross them. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your enjoy your enjoy your your your your your enjoy your enjoy your I mean well um you know forced. I'm out. So So So So So this happened to me years ago to the details may be um okay you know I I I I I mean a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was um um um um um um like like just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the the the the the Navy so Working I mean you know well well with a recruiter and events would would would would would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out well well okay um um um um um while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was you know know know know know I mean so well that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after after after after after credit, thank you, Maggie um uh so um. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to after credits. My name my name my name my name my name is Bryce Bryce Bryce Bryce Bryce and I'm uh I mean I mean so here with my co-host. Her name name name name name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this basically, this basically, this basically, this basically, basically, basically, basically, basically, this is so uh like okay the first episode of our And we we we we we basically the end. Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my my my my my God I mean well okay you know. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? week week week week We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, hi there, hi there, hi there, hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F F F F F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're so you know I mean so listening to to to to to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be uh um um um um um like well discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will will will will will um uh well well also talk about what it's like to express ourselves and and and and and share stories through our respective creative you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists artists artists artists artists uh okay you know okay on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening listening listening listening listening to this podcast, be um like uh um sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name my name my name my name my name is Hobie economy said said said said said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about gold like um well you know know know know know. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per per per per per ounce okay like like uh in February. This is a seven-year High a level not not not not not seen since 2010 January 2013 you know I mean you know so. The question the the the the the question the question the question the question of most people's minds right now is can can can can can go beat his record you know like uh so high set on a rainy autumn day day day day day on 6 September 2011 the record high of uh uh okay I mean 1920 1920 1920 1920 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now. I think so so so so so okay like well it is first important to understand what drove drove drove drove drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's so I mean well okay take a a a a a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war the war the war the war the war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a starting a starting a starting a starting a business is not an easy task task task task task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a I mean um like um lot of of of of of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience like so well well well well well uh experience of 26 years. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here here here here here I'm here to guide you join me as I I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean you know go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual virtual virtual virtual virtual met so okay um so the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor dot? F m-- you know, so I mean you know well when I began began began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of um okay like like like like like I mean host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse browse browse browse browse. It was so okay um I mean well complicated so much so that until until until until until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always I I I I I mean I mean well okay. My name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how how how how how you doing? Charlie didn't charlie didn't charlie didn't charlie didn't charlie didn't say the the the the the um I mean you know I mean thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where where where where where we invited guests on you just skipped it like like uh okay we have because because because because because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would okay so I mean mean mean mean mean uh I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't don't don't don't don't have you know okay you know um a guest one thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean like was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought thought thought thought thought it'd just I mean I mean I mean I mean be nice just the two two two two two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got we got we we we we we got we got we got a great show okay well you know you know for you guys guys guys guys guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today you know well uh uh uh uh uh um. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on on on on on this chord? like I mean you know I mean That's great. That's a big. Thanks very very very very very soon. That's pretty that's pretty that's pretty that's pretty that's pretty Savage so money update two two two two two episodes you know so like uh in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd I'd I'd I'd I'd say we're at four dollars you know well well like 48 cents should Chang it's it's it's it's it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5 like you know so uh. That's That's That's That's That's the that's the that's the that's the that's the point that I think we can probably probably probably probably probably Go to the dollar store almost like I mean well like five round trips. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that's really awesome. We can we can we can we can we can buy a a a a a bouncy ball or like a so well like okay confetti Pauper like five of of of of of those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe okay so uh uh uh uh uh well beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the the the the the Marlboro Man okay um so so sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is is is is is the most packed episode we've ever like um well you know had that's cool. It's It's It's It's It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go uh uh uh uh uh okay um like wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its Its Its Its Its heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines its heroines um like so uh week and and and and and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start like I mean okay okay okay okay okay you know brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all all all all all the way okay okay so uh to the molars in the back three. Today we're we're we're we're we're learning about a brilliant uh you know like you know scientist who helped discover DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the okay um like so scientists scientists scientists scientists scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young well well you you you you you know um girl. She grew she grew she grew she grew she grew up in in in in in London in the 1930s and went to one of um like I mean okay okay okay okay okay the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a a a a a teenager uh okay you know um she decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is is is is is so uh uh so our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us us us us us today. Hope this inspires you um uh well so hope it builds your faith faith faith faith faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in so well well I I I I I mean your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am am am am am um um like so going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read read read read read the scripture is okay um uh I mean 19 verses today. So go ahead ahead ahead ahead ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow uh like well well. God bless bless bless bless bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This This This This This okay this okay this okay this okay this okay like well well sermon will probably take take take take take two weeks to preach. We did we did we did we did we we we we we did it last night. The I mean uh okay I mean Lord showed up up up up up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and hello, and and and and and thank you for listening to this audio um you know uh you know know know know know podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive well I I I I I mean you know so online community of artists and thinkers centered around this this this this this content that I create and curate so okay I mean you know online for us us us us us to talk about which is why both our tagline for okay like so I I I I I mean phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it it it it it. Most of I mean uh like okay these uploads are originally stream live on our our our our our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting you know uh like um with those as they they they they they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications um um so like at at at at at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what uh uh uh uh uh okay uh okay we do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner owner owner owner owner of the package a podcast. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted I wanted to okay well like okay take a brief moment today to let let let let let you know about the easiest way like okay you know okay possible to start start start start start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are like well well well well well so so actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well well well well well as software like so well like to record each episode for the longest time time time time time. I actually paid money to host the packet uh okay like um a podcast and and and and and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using like I mean well well well well well like different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything everything everything everything everything well so okay uh we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for for for for for free either from my computer okay like well you know tablet or cell phone. Not Not Not Not Not only not only not only not only not only that anchor actually gives us us us us us the opportunity to make well so uh uh money with no minimum listenership. If you're you're you're you're you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better uh like okay um be serious about using using using using using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor you know so I mean I mean dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before so before so before so before so before we jump into the the the the the episode, we just want to let y'all know you know I mean you know know know know know you know that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchors it easiest uh well so you know way to make a podcast and they give give give give give you everything you need in you know uh well you know one place for for for for for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but um like okay I mean mean mean mean mean you can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough um um um um um like you know so creation tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to to to to to make it sound well like okay you know popping. They also they also also also also also they also they also they also will help you distribute the podcast if you want want want want want to grow like you know okay like the dead-ass family like we do do do do do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google okay I mean like so so so so so podcast and many more. You can you can you can you can you can also also also also also make a little bit of Ching from uh like like I mean your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that I I I I I mean like well like FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond fond fond fond fond um well I mean well farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to to to to to Amy Klobuchar. Amy okay amy okay amy okay amy okay amy okay so I mean mean mean mean mean you know Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to to to to to me. I mean well uh okay okay kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar familiar familiar familiar familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable um so um like as as as as as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking talking talking talking talking backwards between Peaks like I mean you know okay podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined joined joined joined joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I well I mean I mean you you you you you know am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to to to to to go back to I mean you know uh uh the beginning and pick up some some some some some of our favorite bits. I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought thought thought thought thought this was uh you know like uh a good stopping point after episode episode episode episode episode 9 it kind of I felt like there was okay well so like some some some some some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development development development development development I mean um so so goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your your your your your co-host James and Kevin here to uh uh well okay take you along the the the the the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast you know um I mean mean mean mean mean I mean. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to to to to to actually build it. So like so like so like so like so like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 years years years years years later you know like so okay and you know similar to what many things happen happen happen happen happen in the world. We usually so you know you know so plan something for for for for for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for you know okay well well well well well well object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in in in in in so so so I mean Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a a a a a thesis around the okay so so uh water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our our our our our show notes, you know so um I mean so three years. I started listening to you you you you you and I was in a transitional phase like you know you know I mean and and and and and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had had had had had uh uh uh well that dream for about 15 years and I think it it it it it was in my vibrational escrow and okay um like well I worked hard and when when when when when I started listening to you, I left a so well I mean so really high high high high high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for um like like like like like like I mean two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and I I I I I I mean okay uh well was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in in in in in my life. And I you know like you know like got so aligned and the the the the the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and okay like like okay okay okay okay okay it was huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever ever ever ever ever I mean I mean okay like asked for no not more than you could have have have have have ever asked for us in a like uh I mean um way that I I I I I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a a a a a conversation. You you know I mean uh okay know, I'm saying the only moment moment moment moment moment y'all have is because we're just here to serve so well well okay each other to to to to to get this money and then we walking apart. So it's like I mean so like like like like like like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you you you you you know okay uh um you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't don't don't don't don't think it was enough because um um well so we just weren't having having having having having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to you know you know I I I I I mean um make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally totally totally totally totally useless that you know you know uh well it's just a bunch of idiots run run run run run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, I mean like um so but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Mikey like okay I mean um AKA Mike. Daddy AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina is available those you know like like like like like like you know challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can can can can can work towards unlocking well so so so T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We have have have have have okay um you know so brought him in yet once again and yet once once once once once again another action-packed power suit Tyler like um you know like had have you you you you you seen something this ridiculous? We asked we asked we asked we asked we asked asked asked asked asked Alex last week. Have you have you have you have you have you seen like so so so so so I mean uh this type of soup come in the studio? It's not not not not not ridiculous. I think it's a um okay like you know good-looking suit. I I I I I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a JCrew well you know know know know know uh so. Model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is is is is is dialed in okay so so well and now what it what is the flower there? there there there there It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, lapel, lapel, lapel, lapel, you know you know like like you know, it adds a little flare flare flare flare flare a little spice. So you are and are well uh okay okay you going going going going going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before like like like like like so like well my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do do do do do here again, we um well okay you know got a couple action-packed guests for for for for for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's hey what's hey what's hey what's hey what's going on box box box box box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of the uh okay you you you you you know you know Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys guys guys guys guys today. My name um uh so you know is KJ I said I'll be your host host host host host and it's actually going to be you know I mean so so a solo pod pod pod pod pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is you know like so uh in in in in in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to you know know know know know well like like talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of of of of of people consider this to well you know so so be the biggest matchup of of of of of the year. It's on it's on it's on it's on it's on the Lakers home home home home home turf at the Staples like you know okay okay Center in Los Angeles. We We We We We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers you know like like like like like you know you know played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and and and and and it is the like I mean uh uh infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron LeBron LeBron LeBron LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you so like I mean mean mean mean mean you know know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor so you know I mean okay our new podcast platform. The easiest the the the the the easiest the easiest the easiest the easiest way to make a podcast that you know know know know know I mean so uh is a good point and gives you everything you need in in in in in one place for free I mean I mean you know well and you can can can can can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can you know so so so so so well um record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast sound as I mean okay I mean okay good as my voice or you can upload upload upload upload upload a podcast that you might have um uh um well recorded on another application. Also ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it uh like well okay can Be heard heard heard heard heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You uh well so so so so so uh can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with with with with with okay okay so well anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot so well like well. F m-- right now. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be be be be be well I mean so uh settled down with a family trying to make make make make make the best of life during wartime. Pearl um like okay uh was not not not not not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a like well well well well well you know so husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a a a a a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle so okay okay well Journey despite the chill of the the the the the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she uh like um um peddles peddles peddles peddles peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed I I I I I mean I mean you know like the brakes just around a bend in the river a a a a a bridge came into view I mean well okay um German soldiers coated the span span span span span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was like um I mean I mean mean mean mean mean the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital vital vital vital vital message. She carried she carried she carried she carried she carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready get ready get ready get ready get ready for some clean clean clean clean clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show um okay like like like like like so start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles circles circles circles circles all the way I mean I mean you know you know around each tube tube tube tube tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about a courageous woman so so so so so well um um from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania Tasmania is an island so okay so so near Australia. There's a group of people people people people people they're called the palala the Paulo were the first people I mean you you you you you know um um to live on that island and tricking Nene was one of of of of of the palala people I mean so I mean uh switcher rushing to the other side side side side side of the top of your mouth and brush the well uh like um molars molars molars molars molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of a leader and love so so so so so I mean so uh living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on on on on on. Well, it's um uh so uh the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in in in in in May of our Partnerships are um I mean okay you know going to be under under under under under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this uh I mean uh um um um um um is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together together together together together you know I mean you know uh and it's awesome. Right? So while we're we're we're we're we're at hair Love retreat in May uh um like um we're going to be we're we're we're we're we're going to be there with schedule. Is he is he is he is he he he he he is he going you know well well like to be a salon? Because of of of of of course we going to be there with her love well I mean okay you know Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is is is is is going so um like um to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity acidity acidity acidity acidity in the very schedule okay you know you know uh is City way, they're they're they're they're they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they're yeah, they're going um you know okay okay to give away a ticket to to to to to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to okay you know well okay okay okay okay okay give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss welcome Miss Miss Miss Miss Miss welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited okay you know I mean so so so so so schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little like like like like like um uh well idea how we do it here at paddle and fin fin fin fin fin podcast. We use the anchor okay um well well dot f m-- recording platform platform platform platform platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms okay like well okay. There's creation creation creation creation creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right I mean you know I I I I I mean okay from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download Download Download Download Download you know uh um okay the free anchor app to get started. This segment is is is is is brought to you by well so you know I mean jig Master jigs when when when when when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masterscom you know I mean like like like like like I mean. And use promo code. Pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 pmf 20 20 20 20 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig uh well um okay order today today today today today. Welcome to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment um well uh uh uh uh uh I mean where we try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is is is is is right now uh like you know uh and every time he needs to make a a a a a change she has to run across so okay like so the room. Like it's like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't don't don't don't don't listen that's part of the um I mean you know you know sort of you you you you you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah well well well well well well you know you know is well. I mean, that's how y'all record record record record record to write. You have a giant paper um well well like mache nose with us the the the the the recording system inside. Of it of it of it of it of it and and and and and you have to pull I mean okay so I mean out boogers to get it it it it it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is like so uh you know in in in in in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around in I mean uh like like like like like um there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I I I I I cuss well you know like uh too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh Koosh ball at me and I so you know like you know hurts a lot. A A A A A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a so you know you know know know know know I mean lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, welcome scientists and first first first first first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host future and so I mean so so so so so like I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's going going going going going like like uh uh to join us for the ride on the first ever ever ever ever ever episode of Melody our uh uh like so little silver. How you doing? How How How How How are you doing today? Didn't well can't complain Gil so so I mean uh. Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come back and relax I I I I I mean so um so at home. All right, so What do you think the the the the the goal is for the podcast? okay you know I mean okay Honestly, I have no no no no no idea. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let let let let let me try to Enlighten the like well well okay that a little bit. So So So So So basically it did start out as a meme between I mean uh like I I I I I mean me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were just talking talking talking talking talking about us okay um well so having great voice and we should do like like like like like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure make sure sure sure sure sure make sure make sure make sure you follow well okay I mean like your your your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if if if if if you uh um so like become a premium user you can download the episode so so so so so you can listen well like well uh to them offline like I do when when when when when you're on a plane or wherever you're like you know I mean you know know know know know traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If If If If If you if you if you if you if you haven't done so I mean so so so so so like so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h Km/h or um like um uh browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in in in in in head of sand pop uh I mean well okay it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Elise and and and and and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not I mean um okay um like a regular regular regular regular regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening well um um well well well well well. I have I have I have I have I have had some shit on on on on on my mind per usual that I wanted uh okay I mean um to share share share share share of one of which is the fact that I have literally not had so you know know know know know you know uh a job for the past. Really long time and like my my my my my adult life probably aside um you know um um from like a gig here and and and and and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother so um um well and my my my my my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's okay okay I I I I I mean you know for a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds like like like like like like like I mean of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you you you you you fill your demise is I mean um you know you know it it it it it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in you know know know know know uh you know like your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It It It It It must have been you know okay uh I mean your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold cold cold cold cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic heroic heroic heroic heroic display in I mean you know okay well El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving deserving deserving deserving deserving Any of their victory that takes them like um you know like back to to to to to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk we'll talk about so um so uh uh uh uh uh a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last you you you you you know um well I mean week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor poor poor poor poor is why am I um so uh okay not posting the full week of workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts on Facebook a week in advance and okay well you know um it's it's it's it's it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you so so so so so okay uh uh guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like like like like like that. And so there are uh you know you know so days that you you you you you can make it and days. You just can't make it like okay uh well. And that is is is is is how I want you to plan your week. I don't uh um I mean well want want want want want you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout I mean okay well well well well well you know that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind kind kind kind kind of in so so like okay the first podcast about the purpose of the the the the the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to to to so you know okay well make a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then Then Then Then Then there's creation tools like okay uh well that allow you to record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or you know you know well well computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on well um um um um um uh uh Spotify app a podcast and many many more you can make make make make make money from your podcast with like I mean you know you know no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make make make make make a podcast in one place like I mean um okay download the free anchor app app app app app. Go to Anchor. FM to get you know uh so I mean started Alright, what's what's what's what's what's up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your uh like um um um um um um host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast um okay okay um on on on on on today's episode. We have we have we have we have we have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won they won they won they won they won countless noteworthy battles within within within within within the Roman military during the first and second century uh um like I mean BCE. So So So So So how so how so how so how so how did one of the most most most most most efficient and influential combat outfits of all well um okay I mean time vanish from from from from from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want you know like so well well well well well to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast okay okay okay okay okay um so okay presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park Park Park Park Park asked you know okay well I mean shows Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories theories theories theories theories and more follow Park s presents free on so I mean okay um um um um um Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education education education education education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin um like um well Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really really really really really have a thing so you know well I mean we can actually go through but we we we we we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll uh you know like like think think think think think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh um well uh I I I I I mean and I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm Sofia Sofia Sofia Sofia Sofia I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking like um um so about about about about about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk um uh you you you you you know um has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really really really really really popular like I mean well um app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the the the the the past few months. It's given you know um um okay a lot of teens opportunities to to to to to get some money and be famous. One of so you know uh um those those those those those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers followers followers followers followers. Okay, you know like like I mean so a song that you guys might might might might might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? uh okay well um So if if if if if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast so so so so so well so well a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by by by by by Games Workshop uh okay okay okay. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So So So So So I hope this isn't um uh uh like too horrible and still trying to to to to to find my feet. So I hope you are bear okay okay okay you know with the the the the the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded re-recorded well well well you know sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the the the the the show in this um uh so you know show. I cover I cover I cover I cover cover cover cover cover I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I well um um um um um like um then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples maniples maniples maniples maniples the basic well you know like I mean building blocks of the game. I I I I I was intending to spend some time discussing how to well okay um uh use them them them them them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses courses courses courses courses primarily okay you know well um from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode episode episode episode episode than I initially planned like um okay um and you'll probably notice a slight slight slight slight slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the um um you know um um um um um shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and and and and and I mean uh okay okay get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries summaries summaries summaries summaries on personal okay so okay uh development productivity business and more listen to them while while while while while working out or commuting uh um like so to work and get the the the the the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to uh so okay okay okay okay okay so Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the one one one one one our so uh um uh content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read read read read read narrated by well so um um Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making making making making making a big bold promise. She's promised to give okay I mean uh like you you you you you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour like like like like like like like uh. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly how to you you you you you know uh so like formulate your plan, you've heard the quote give a a a a a man a fish and you feed so I mean so okay him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some at some at some at some at some point in time time time time time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern you know like well well well well well you know state flooding most of the many counties since the water was was was was was about six feet um you know okay you know deep outside and inside their house house house house house one family spent its time sitting on the porch roof I mean you know know know know know like so watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice nice nice nice nice Straw I mean I mean okay well Hat as it went downstream downstream downstream downstream downstream. My he my he my he my he my he thought I'll bet that that that that that person who lost I mean uh uh so that hat is very sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around okay around okay okay okay okay okay around okay around okay around okay okay okay uh the corner of the the the the the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly you know um I mean um um um um um much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was so so so so so um so uh obviously very strange. So the so the so the so the the the the the so the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around well well well well well I mean so like the corner of the house and came floating back down down down down down again after a while. It you know you know well uh came back Upstream yet yet yet yet yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura I mean well uh so and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a a a a a mouthful with Laura and you know so so like Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in well so well okay on this moment moment moment moment moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a so you know know know know know like well sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, like, like, like, like, you know you know like um you know something if it's wow, it's it's it's it's it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and I mean you know um um um um um um it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of of of of of the day I mean like like I mean there are watching us like dance around with with with with with a microphone and then we just well I mean I mean like fade into their lives. I I I I I love that. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope that's how people people people people people see us in okay uh like uh their dreams now. It's probably how they they they they they see you. Don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you don't you must okay okay okay okay okay um okay okay have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part part part part part of this. Oh, it's I mean like well okay just like a myth myth myth myth myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about like you know like so those are are are are are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo um um um um um well so uh a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when when when when when we are okay I mean um I mean recording our podcast. We have have have have have hours of audio that we have to sift through uh like you know I mean mean mean mean mean more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point you you you you you know so uh uh that we're not sure if it really can get get get get get into the podcast. We thought I mean I mean well you know we might might might might might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want um um um um um um you know like to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM DM DM DM DM. Send us your well uh okay uh questions and we'll go from there there there there there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I um you know well so did I I I I I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went so like like like like like you know I mean down. I did like did Miami and then sort of of of of of come back round again and went well uh well okay into they had one of of of of of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a umm, a umm, a umm, a umm, a a a a a from SMG and I'm here to tell you um you know so I mean mean mean mean mean about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's well well well well well okay you know uh free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from you know I mean um so your phone phone phone phone phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership like like like like like um like um and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can can can can can be heard on well um well uh Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's It's It's It's It's everything. You need to make a okay um well like podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special guest guest guest guest guest I mean uh you know you know here today. Say hello. Hi. You want want want want want to introduce yourself over there? My I mean uh uh I mean name is Katherine Katherine Katherine Katherine Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine so okay well you know know know know know dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean mean mean mean mean um um well um I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it it it it it discreet like I'll I mean I mean you know I mean probably accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended I recommended I recommended recommended recommended recommended recommended I recommended I recommended that you know so like you know I just For For For For For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen listen listen listen listen well uh okay you know to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't don't don't don't don't know we danced at American um you know okay uh Ballet company. I think think think think think I think I think I think I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And I I I I I so you know so well don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go go go go go alone. So the so the so the so the so the Nintendo cartridge okay you you you you you know well like Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is is is is is Patrick ehlers and uh I mean so so I'm joined as always by by by by by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show um like you know like like like like like for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week including a a a a a like okay like you know lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Yacht Yacht Yacht Yacht Club and then so you know like um on Thursday, we're going to to to to to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But I mean so um um um um um you know in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited uh uh uh uh uh okay okay uh. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our our our our our friends High um um uh so cuz he hates horror movie that I do do do do do and that's why they call me you know um well you know the horror horror horror horror horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have I mean uh I I I I I mean um not no other reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever every week we take okay well you know so him through the Encyclopedia of of of of of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack so okay you know okay Frost's Frost's Frost's Frost's Frost's and then we make fun of it more or less or explain its okay okay okay okay okay so I mean so Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's That's That's That's That's my thing. And I'm the funny so so well like one our episodes drop on on on on on Monday. So check so check so check so check so check us out. Consequence Consequence Consequence Consequence Consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. Let well well you know uh me explain. First of all, it's free free free free free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow you so I mean like uh uh uh uh uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will will will will will distribute uh um so uh your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and okay so you know I mean many more you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything uh like like like like like so I mean you need to make a podcast in one place download the the the the the free anchor um um well you know app or go to Anchor dot f f f f f m-- to get started today. Welcome to okay like well so the flip flip flip flip flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a so uh um um um um um uh full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store my store my store my store my my my my my store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD okay well uh I mean uch. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo okay uh uh uh uh uh uh like Thrift. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really excited about about about about about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and um so so so so so like like in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break break break break break because fitting you know you know uh I mean race coming up. So angry is after you you you you you losing to this. It'll be we like okay um you know have week one week week week week week of classes still and then spring break is the week after well I mean mean mean mean mean um you know that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly Spotlight. We just so like I mean um finished. Well, I finished all of my my my my my exams I have before spring break so next week I mean like uh so. I just just just just just I just I just I just I just have a presentation for one of my my my my my classes see your husband exam uh I mean I mean uh for a class that that that that that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free uh okay okay you know know know know know now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice so so so so so so um like because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So So So So So I will say you know like you know you know it was like the the the the the most stressful thing in the world because like it's well I mean you know know know know know like really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today today today today today uh uh um so and I'm out of the way especially because now that I I I I I feel like I still well I mean um like don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we before we before we before we before we get started today. I just just just just just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about okay um uh so Spotify on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and um um well well well well well well podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium premium premium premium premium account and you know so like well that is great because let's face it. We We We We We are all trying to save a okay okay well well little bit these days days days days days. So with so with so with so with so with Spotify, you can follow your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So um uh like uh you never miss an episode you can share whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever you're listening to with so so okay uh your friends on Instagram and premium premium premium premium premium users can even download episodes to listen to you know so you know you you you you you know offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have have have have have too many. The so well so okay apps downloaded already but this one one one one one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so okay okay uh okay already download download download download download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in I I I I I mean um like uh the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow follow follow follow follow us on there. So you never um so um I mean miss an episode episode episode episode episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so like I mean uh everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take take take take take you know um you know I mean any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey so um like okay Dustin, what's what's what's what's what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I so I I I I I so I so I so I you know well you know okay mean so far far far far far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well then well then well then well then well, well, well, well, well, we haven't talked um you know uh you know to since last week. Hey we've texted. All All All All All that. Yeah, but they don't well so I mean like hear the tax tax tax tax tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people like well I mean mean mean mean mean like. We're not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff uh uh uh uh uh okay uh uh that we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we did go to piece um I mean so I mean. That was that was that that that that that was that was that was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists artists artists artists artists. Yeah. It well you know like you know was really cool. Music had some good good good good good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in in in in in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk okay uh well um now look at the the the the the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after so so so so so so I mean so show and guys. We are at the season finale of the the the the the such a good like so okay well season Chad Hills. I am your your your your your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking well so so okay with you since season one one one one one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys well you know so you you you you you know. I could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel panel panel panel panel to the fart like so like you know of my love. I have Miss Janice Janice Janice Janice Janice. I am and she is a biggest so so well um the big Fosters crossover could could could could could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I was well you know you you you you you know um in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble fan. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and she you know know know know know so okay um brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's What's What's What's What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel okay uh uh uh uh uh so you know like you want to share? I know I know I know I I I I I know I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around well so okay well for for for for for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make I mean well well well well well I mean um a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's it's it's it's it's free. You can record edit and like so uh you know distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will so you know know know know know so I mean do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify apple and all of well I mean uh like the big names you can make make make make make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything that okay okay so okay you need for for for for for your podcast right in one place. So here's so here's so here's so here's so here's what what what what what you need I mean like uh like to do. If you're interested Go download the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot like okay like I mean. F F F F F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it it it it it like okay like I mean out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to the inside scoop so well okay I mean on Mental Health with Bracken level level level level level and Brandon Paxton. This is this is this is this is this is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So well so so so so so well so well so well so well um okay you know for our first first first first first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original well uh um um um um um okay old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this this this this this one. It was one of like you know like okay my mother's favorite. So I think think think think think it was one of the first ones she saw I mean um so I mean in in in in in the theater growing up. I was I was I was I was I was was was was was introduced to this movie when I was you know so uh like about about about about about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate uh uh uh uh uh well uh okay. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me uh so so so so so um like as I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will will will will will go beyond uh um like okay just Theory and discuss some of the most important important important important important real world macro questions of uh well uh like our time what happens next next next next next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this hello, this is your everyday positivity positivity positivity positivity positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm well um um well going to to to to to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's um you know well well well well well so grandmother. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not uh so so so so so okay you know seen for a long time. We get to share stories stories stories stories stories about this woman that I mean like you know um was in our our our our our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to just I I I I I mean um um well acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and and and and and that today I know we're well you know you know so going to have have have have have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving you know so so so so so okay like and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the the the the the Ridiculousness so well like uh of humans and human nature. And so today I I I I I want you to kind of join me uh so um I mean not just just just just just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast daily. Today Today Today Today Today. We're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring we're featuring our first-ever mini-episode mini-episode mini-episode mini-episode mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive uh uh like um to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing missing missing missing missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode you know well um I mean that explores what what what what what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow uh uh like like like like like so scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like like like like like this um okay so uh follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July on July on on on on on July on July on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered I mean mean mean mean mean like like uh around a television set and turned on the news the the the the the voice of anchor Walter um okay you know well Cronkite presented some of of of of of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not you you you you you know I mean well um not best friends forever. I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying saying saying saying saying I'm saying I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm um um um um um uh so you know Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode episode episode episode episode 5 were just talking about how like I mean so you know we can believe it it it it it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling a lie okay okay okay okay okay like so so feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, doesn't it feel like it's like okay um I mean been a while. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much you know like okay like time with with with with with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or uh you you you you you know you know you know every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the the the the the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are are are are are you I mean you know so um really leaving your hood on the the the the the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on yes on yes on yes on yes on on on on on one you know uh um okay shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's He's He's He's He's like he's like he's like he's like he's like got vomit on his his his his his sweater already mom's you know so okay okay spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was was was was was listening that I've got puke on well I mean well I mean my jumper already. Is Is Is Is Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the okay like I mean mean mean mean mean like same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I I I I I okay okay okay I mean just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to to to to to why do I like well okay like uh this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what what what what what yes what yes what yes what yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing I I I I I mean like okay okay show start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush a little you know um uh okay circles around around around around around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a a a a a uh I mean like you know heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an an an an an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, well you know I mean so her name name name name name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen sarah biffen biffen biffen biffen biffen sarah biffen was born to a poor family in I mean like well um England a long long long long long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she so so you know so so so so so was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when when when when when she well I mean I mean uh was just a kid Sarah taught taught taught taught taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing uh well um like to to to to to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or so so so so so you know well okay try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough enough enough enough enough of that going like so like um on in the world today. As As As As As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast okay I mean um I I I I I mean is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that um um um um um like uh well being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is is is is is not weak. Actually, it's okay um like so quite the opposite. We believe that that that that that true strength is revealed through our ability to so um I mean so continue to to to to to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as well well well well well okay I mean so a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see see see see see the way out so okay so so when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons the you know like you know I mean music in this podcast is shorter shorter shorter shorter shorter than the original version on demand. So uh um you know you know know know know know a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan Colgan you know like um uh and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and of course, we've got a well okay you know uh lot of things things things things things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just like you know uh um um um um um straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourself to I mean uh well um listeners at home. I know you very well, well, well, well, well, but obviously people I mean I mean you know well at home though. So So So So So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second uh uh okay okay okay okay okay uh year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great great great great great I mean well like well. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you you you you you lose it. Hi. I'm you know you know like so Lucy. I said, said, said, said, said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and and and and and me and me and me and me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up what's up what's what's what's what's what's up what's up what's up friends puff stuff well I mean um uh podcast back back back back back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really like um um um um um I mean like cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They They They They They want to give away okay uh so so their products to a handful of our our our our our listeners. And see and see and see and see and see what you like don't don't don't don't don't like so you know uh I mean questions things like that. Basically, you're just going going going going going to get like a couple weeks supply well um um uh of some CBD CBD CBD CBD CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do some so um um um um um so well testimonials from us. This is this is this is this is this is is is is is what you got to do go to the puff I mean so I mean okay okay okay okay okay and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and just just just just just tell like um I mean so us why you want to try it it it it it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products okay so you know you know before and you you you you you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want um so like uh uh uh uh uh to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something something something something something specific that so um I mean like you're hoping that it helps with. No No No No No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want we want we we we we we want we want we want a wide variety of people. So make so make so make so make so make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I like so so so so so okay I mean love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to welcome to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to soba is dull soap is dope I I I I I mean well okay like is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We We We We We support people's right I mean like uh uh to drink and have fun fun fun fun fun. We believe we believe we believe we believe we believe in a Live and Let Let Let Let Let Live approach to um I mean I mean okay sobriety. This show is intended to highlight highlight highlight highlight highlight the benefits of a sober life I mean um so um. We want want want want want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with with with with with I mean okay um well alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you you you you you Cannon. I uh okay uh um am a recovering alcoholic. I am I am am am am am I am I am I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you if you if you if you if you haven't heard heard heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me um so so so so so um like explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and and and and and edit you know so um you know your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you so well so well. So it can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you like I mean uh uh uh uh uh um can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you you you you you need uh okay okay I mean to make a podcast in One place, so so so so so let's try together. I remember that day well you know I mean you know like like like like like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending okay you you you you you know I mean I mean messages to strangers and then I look at that body and and and and and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series okay okay okay okay okay I mean well well and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there there there there there today. I okay so like uh wanted to talk a lot about experiences good good good good good and bad memories and all that shit, so um like well but most importantly importantly importantly importantly importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know didn't know didn't know didn't know know know know know didn't know when I should talk I mean I mean I mean um about it it it it it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why not just talk I I I I I mean okay well well about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that that that that that school that made me so so I mean you know who I am today. It's like now now now now now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got unfortunately got got got got got unfortunately got um you know uh uh shut down due to financial reasons, which which which which which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to um um um um um well uh I mean thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie I'm Angie I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Angie I'm Angie I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and like okay um um um um um um you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common well well well well well uh uh okay type of relationship that's discussed. And we're and we're and we're and and and and and we're and we're here to share all that. We've uh we've uh we've uh uh uh uh uh we've uh we've uh um I mean like learned and still learning so grab a a a a a cold brew and join us at the table uh um so I mean. This is is is is is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to you know so so so so so like um give a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week week week week week and I okay okay I mean you know wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for thanks for changing my diapers when I I I I I was uh you know uh you know little and I have a shout-out to to to to to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen okay so I mean you you you you you know. What is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes I mean you know okay uh. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca Tribeca Tribeca Tribeca Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood okay like okay uh forever forever forever forever forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it like I I I I I mean so like anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it it it it it on them everyone. Welcome um uh okay I mean back to the oneworld agencies agencies agencies agencies agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about like like well uh uh uh uh uh some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, well uh like uh I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the the the the the first um um I mean I mean like not real episode, but kind kind kind kind kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts I mean so uh okay and and and and and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I so so so so so I so I so I so I like I mean so you know mean mean mean mean mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the well well well well well well you know like difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick quick quick quick quick into what do we so like okay like mean by that? We obviously there's there's there's there's there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, uh um I mean mean mean mean mean you know Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down down down down down real quick I mean um well so and basically what me and sheriff came came came came came up with one more thing about what we so I mean okay um came up up up up up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher Pusher Pusher Pusher Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor okay well uh like app, app, app, app, app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a uh uh uh uh uh so well like podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We use anchor um well I mean I mean for many reasons. The The The The The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct uh I mean so um um um um um. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, well I I I I I mean like like there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast um I mean uh um right from your phone your computer or or or or or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for okay um uh well you you you you you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify you you you you you know like well you know Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also also also also also make money from your podcast and everybody well okay so you know loves making making making making making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to uh I I I I I mean uh well Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to uh uh I mean I I I I I mean read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on on on on on your like okay like so spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified certified certified certified certified yoga and meditation teacher a student well so so well of Chinese medicine a doula a a a a a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person um um well so. I want to use use use use use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to uh uh like okay okay okay okay okay grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We We We We We will well like well well be doing meditation together which will ground you down into into into into into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to to to to to live an app kind of like a heart um so okay well to to to to to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's It's It's It's It's uh I mean uh like the first shot. I say I say I say say say say say I say I say we roll with it and we just keep keep keep keep keep going. You're uh okay I mean um right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that's about it. I got it live to neck like uh like um live to knock knock knock knock knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may this may this may this this this this this may this may be like um well you know a train wreck. It may be be be be be like if it is we're just gonna go with you know well like like like like like um the flow. That's us that's us that's us that's us that's us and let let let let let the train hit us - oh man. I'm you know I mean mean mean mean mean okay well just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train train train train train. Hitting our so like like like bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in britain in britain in britain in britain in from Ben bend over over over over over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow okay uh um I mean up. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting like so so so so so uh so. I ruined I ruined I ruined I ruined I ruined the entire. I did did did did did not we can go again once I got I mean um you know well well well well well my stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are are are are are you? okay okay um I mean All hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Van Van Van Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes uh I mean well um back. Welcome back to Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's Harry's podcast. Apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the apparently the late straight before we start start start start start like okay so um we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of like I I I I I mean uh like a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to to to to to you know well I mean well make a tournament work. So I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so I'm so I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do okay uh uh uh uh uh like you know a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to to to to to a Monday edition of uh uh I mean uh the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the the the the the same so um uh um team record membership number in March will we during the Australian Australian Australian Australian Australian by the end of uh like okay I mean the season who's locked themselves in in in in in for round one? What do we want to see well like I mean like like like like like against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's premiers uh uh uh uh uh I mean well okay the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more more more more more on the blue so okay so um bag is Welcome to the blue bag has has has has has I'm Andy. I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here I'm here with Chris. How I I I I I mean well uh like are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really really really really really good. Thank you you know uh so okay apologies that we're releasing this this this this this a few days later than we would have liked. I you know I mean mean mean mean mean you know um actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation. So this is the okay okay I mean you know first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr so okay okay okay okay okay uh so co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? he he he he All uh all uh all uh all uh all uh okay okay well right. So So So So So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really I mean mean mean mean mean you know um well talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, but, but, but, but, you know, obviously there's okay you know like I mean good moments and bad moments, moments, moments, moments, moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay so I mean uh uh. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, yeah. Anything you've anything you've anything you've anything you've anything you've enjoyed the most? most most most most I guess one thing that I've you okay I mean so uh know kind kind kind kind kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me um um um um um uh okay like for who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening listening listening listening listening to this uh like I mean uh and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here here here here here uh okay okay um. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing platform. Anchor I mean uh like well. You know, what I'm not computer savvy savvy savvy savvy savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, like um I mean uh you you you you you know, what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know know know know know okay okay you know okay when the biggest thing I love about it is is is is is the fact that it's free. So I so I so I so I so so so so so I mean you know you know so download the free anchor app and go go go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started um I mean well um. Take care care care care care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is is is is is powerful. This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am Sapphire cindello cindello cindello cindello cindello you know um um uh now get cozy and open your mind because because because because because it's story time. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the first I I I I I mean well so um season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural supernatural supernatural supernatural supernatural experiences that shape okay so okay um our world. If after the show you feel feel feel feel feel compelled to share a story or need I mean okay uh well paranormal advice advice advice advice advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is this is this is this this this this this is this is uh so um I mean an independently run podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good well, good well, good well, good well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're you know well well I mean going with day day day day day one. The Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday the Tuesday first race of of of of of the day of the meeting so um I mean so is a supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got we've got we've got we've got we've got shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin shishkin at five to two so like okay so Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change change change change change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick so uh well well a last last last last last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw um I I I I I mean so so confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main two main main main main main two main two main two main Market while I was issued so you know so so so so so like in a stirring for lunch. They probably they probably they probably they probably they probably probably probably probably probably deserve to be up there because so I mean well I mean they've got got got got got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin she skin she she she she she skin she skin she skin so well you know um very impressive as two wins. And And And And And again asking for loans and being free like you know um so starts this year looking looking looking looking looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and I mean uh uh uh uh uh well um one in a bump of him. I've gone I've gone I've I've I've I've I've gone I've gone I've gone without a heart he is a so like you you you you you know you know two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like I like I like I like I like like like like like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum like so um I mean mean mean mean mean bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball you you you you you know uh like okay podcasts. We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna we're we're we're we're we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna be talking about well well well well well you know I mean um the Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's Joe's Joe's Joe's Joe's there's a five-set thriller, uh I mean okay I mean but new poll has ended ended ended ended ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about well um um um um um like uh who we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four four four four four teams that we think okay you know I mean you know that could win win win win win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and like um um um um um like uh then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both both both both both really excited about like like well okay the season coming up and we we we we we just wanted to talk about that a little bit well uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into into into into into it Saint like um okay like Rose had a long week this week the the the the the Reversed North Central College and new um like okay well polls on Saturday. And then then then then then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And okay okay like okay now today today today today today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night night night night night toothbrushing show like well well so start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush so I mean okay um the inside outside and chewing chewing chewing chewing chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every you know okay like well day day day day day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking talking talking talking talking you know I mean okay I mean about wangari. Maathai the woman who who who who who started the green belt movement one Garden was I mean like um okay born born born born born in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl girl girl girl girl okay so okay like Kenya was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty beauty beauty beauty beauty of nature was everywhere but so um um uh soon that would change. Switch Switch Switch Switch Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that that that that that like like you know uh I'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover cover cover cover cover the basic science of like you know okay okay the coronavirus and to review review review review review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the well well you know you you you you you know conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes goes goes goes goes About uh you know okay so it to try to just seal fact from from from from from fiction. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a lot of of of of of like um well like Buzz right now in the media. I believe that there's been been been been been a very severe, you so you know you know I mean know response already like like like like like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is David. It's me, it's it's it's it's it's me, it's me, it's me, it's me, John and it's me Alec and and and and and welcome back to uh I mean you know well another episode of multimedia Madness Madness Madness Madness Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of I mean you know like uh uh uh uh uh topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts sorts sorts sorts sorts of uh you know you know well stuff here spam calls from different different different different different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking uh okay I mean I I I I I mean up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class class class class class as like uh like um we get a couple of snake calls, and we've we've we've we've we've been reacting to them. It's well well you know so pretty funny. Stuff the best thing thing thing thing thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller you know uh I mean like like like like like. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar at least least least least least so I mean so so one of the earliest big walls. I remember because because because because because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this and this and this and this and this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal normal normal normal normal crew with us today you know so so so. We got a great show show show show show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to preview well well well well well okay uh so. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier Brazier Brazier Brazier Brazier and it's not I mean okay like so in our normal spot. We had had had had had to kind of do it on the so like so so fly, but bear bear bear bear bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this well well well well well well well okay is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track track track track track me uh you know I mean okay where the track office not really supposed supposed supposed supposed supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you you you you you yeah, you yeah, you know well like well first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex as sex as sex as sex as sex Bingo night here here here here here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a like uh okay okay okay okay okay I mean half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it it it it it was you know well so I mean a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in in in in in that room was through so I mean like uh the roof. We had had had had had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably like so so so so so you know so a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students students students students students not our number like uh so okay one problem and really it was just bingo. So So So So So anybody could win and you know uh so um there were Current objects of pleasure. I I I I I guess you could say I'm not too sure what um I mean like I mean is is is is is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but you know know know know know you know um well also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody so so so so so nobody so nobody so nobody so nobody was getting Aids so well um well on on on on on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state state state state state so uh well you know funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are are are are are counting you know like you know I mean down the top 31 Sports scandals of of of of of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back well so okay so to to to to to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and okay I I I I I mean well like charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Desiree, Washington for you know okay you know okay more shocking sports events from history history history history history tune in right here every day to our March you know well like so so so so so Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a so so so so so you know okay um Las Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Tyson pummeled the like okay well um bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds thuds thuds thuds thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to best our of their day day day day day on today's episode. We are talking about the principle okay I mean like well well well well well of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity movement violations, violations, violations, violations, violations, like um like I mean we're going to dive specifically today into the the the the the importance of it and where to look in you know like so okay a handful handful handful handful handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for you is when um um um um um well um well were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity the the the the the book uh like you know well definition of it at the level 1 course, course, course, course, course, however physically introduced to well so well like it probably day one is an athlete athlete athlete athlete athlete like as a little kid. They just don't um well you know you you you you you know teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing mechanics, typically um okay uh so the first thing you teaching most kids to do do do do do is probably jumping or throwing something well like so uh right. So throwing throwing throwing throwing throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica it's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast today in um I mean okay um this episode of podcast. I'll direct direct direct direct direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian so um uh um writer with with with with with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and like you you you you you know like you know Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book book book book book of mine and there I mean so you know you know is something about about about about about the way he write his story. These the way he brings okay you you you you you know I mean uh characters to life. I am personally a big fan of of of of of his writings and today you um um okay well gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and and and and and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you all you all you all you all you have to know today is that that that that that you have everything that you need you know um okay um to to to to to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now like um um um um um so so everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you you you you you will get well okay uh I mean you through today, whatever situation you land in in in in in whatever it is you have got I mean like you know okay this so so so so so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is um okay you you you you you know so your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll um okay I mean like be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday positivity. In the meantime uh well so um. Go for it. You got you you you you you got you got you got you got this everyday positivity is a volley production production production production production. If you uh you know I mean you know enjoy everyday positivity, please take a moment moment moment moment moment to check out the vale app. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much much much much much for okay um uh like joining today. I am I am I am I I I I I am I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you you you you you like okay like well choose to listen today. I've had I've had I've had I've I've I've I've I've had I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be uh I mean mean mean mean mean uh uh able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode episode episode episode episode is something I well okay well um couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a a a a a fellow Irishman the you know I mean I mean I mean very first wash guest of of of of of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media like um I mean mean mean mean mean you know for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on on on on on another you know you know so you know podcast God over a year ago ago ago ago ago. Now whilst I was training for the London uh I mean I mean so so so so so marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he he he he he has so so um I mean achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements achievements achievements achievements achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have have have have have got in um uh I mean I mean the studio very special. Guests welcome to to to to to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan like okay okay uh. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned you know okay well okay. It would would would would would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we so so well well well well well so we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going going going going going. Oh, I haven't okay well you know like said anything you don't like about you. Probably Probably Probably Probably Probably have big fan. Are you? I mean um okay well Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants hello plants hello plants hello plants hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying so uh you know so to pretend I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode set up up up up up well like like like because my microphone I feel like it's only really really really really really good for one person and um well well you know that I feel like our audio audio audio audio audio is always a little off and you guys you know well okay well have have have have have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have have have have have like so okay you know to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we we we we we said it with I mean like I mean I mean me. Me Emma and and and and and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is a okay you know know know know know like okay mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to me me me me me and uh well okay um Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like like like like like so uh okay I mean something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? up up up up Yo, yo go back to the uh okay okay okay filthy garage or as as as as as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's cold uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean like as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what what what what what your I mean okay okay so balls are small. I mean I mean I mean I I I I I mean I mean is that because it's cold or is that just because you know know know know know you know okay um your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like like like like like it's like it's like it's like it's like what's up? you know so okay okay okay okay okay okay Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that hat hat hat hat hat dude so um um okay. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's it's it's it's it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your um um um um um like well well children and your partner. We are going to give give give give give you tips and strategies to create peace you know um so you know and authenticity authenticity authenticity authenticity authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer you know know know know know you know so okay writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 5 5 5 5 3 & 2 and I am you know well well so terilyn Griffin Griffin Griffin Griffin Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 well so you know know know know know you know 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life life life life life well so you know so tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners listeners listeners listeners listeners. Let's find the so um so uh magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a a a a a high five and that is that so I mean um like I have heard heard heard heard heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come well like you you you you you know you know from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative creative creative creative creative director at cnx leading um so um um a team of talented creative creative creative creative creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over like well well um the world world world world world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston well you know know know know know well so and anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear hear hear hear hear um uh um well he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good good good good good guy and he'll like so well well be our co-host from time to time throughout version version version version version final here are a so so uh like couple highlights from our conversation. We We We We We talked about how they became interested in advertising when okay okay you know know know know know I mean he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene scene scene scene scene and we well you know um so all know who he is, which is is is is is Michael Jordan and I was really well you know well okay young. I was was was was was I was I was I was I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, he's like, he's like, he's he's he's he's he's like, he's like, oh thank God. You're not you're not you're not not not not not you're not you're not so so like um a horse girl. Like I can't think think think think think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go like so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of of of of of officially unofficial um um like you know. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat Nat Nat Nat Nat and my name is Bianca and this okay okay you know I mean week week week week week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they are they are they are are are are are they are they hot or are like like like uh you just desperate? How was was was was was how was how was how was how was your day? My day was very boring boring boring boring boring. How I how I how I how I how I mean like so so so so so like was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons reasons reasons reasons reasons. So okay so like like I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how how how how how much I can talk like I mean well okay about but I will say that that that that that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting texting texting texting texting so you know you know well and FaceTime. We all probably have those those those those those devices on our phones. I do a okay so well um lot of live live live live live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you you know know know know know so like well listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes you know like I mean like and then move on or whatever. That's fine fine fine fine fine. But I want to talk about first well well like so uncovered Snapchat. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 I mean so um um um um um like and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's uh uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody and welcome to this this this this this episode of your receipts that decide where we try to um um so I I I I I mean help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life life life life life like well okay uh a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets sets sets sets sets okay you know uh well and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming streaming streaming streaming streaming live on YouTube well uh okay uh. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to to to to to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the money live. I'm Dave I'm Dave Dave Dave Dave Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave Hanson like like so like joined joined joined joined joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look well well well well well well I mean um who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, how's it going? you know you know you know you know you know know know know know you know like well Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this this this this this special broadcast. We normally uh I mean like you know don't do a live broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood uh um so okay. It's It's It's It's It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users uh uh uh uh uh so um so of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares shares shares shares shares of Robin you know okay I mean I mean Hood markets Inc. That's the the the the the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the you know well well well well well um you know rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's okay you you you you you know uh I mean Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is is is is is Cinco, you know, we like okay so so just want to be on the the the the the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill I mean um so I I I I I mean in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the well well well well well well okay uh homies. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's okay okay okay okay okay okay well uh sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There There There There There so so well uh is no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job job job job job. Yeah, why don't so okay so okay I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna you know um well um instead of carrying carrying carrying carrying carrying you into your weekend. We're going to start going to start so uh uh um your your your your your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you you you you you if you if you if you if you okay you know you know okay okay okay okay okay guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on on on on on his medium um um like okay page and it's another great one about about about about about around the concept of Bitcoin um um um I mean as a living organism. So So So So So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then like so okay I mean mean mean mean mean we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats bitcoins bitcoins bitcoins bitcoins bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving okay well well okay and thriving Between Worlds Worlds Worlds Worlds Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and hi and hi and hi and hi and welcome to the the the the the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here to uh you know so um um um um um talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for Madden 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 was I mean well so okay advertised on my Xbox that which was the one one one one one with Drew Brees on like well like um the cover. Okay, because okay, because okay, because because because because because okay, because okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Championship Championship Championship Championship Game like well you know like the 2009 game between the Colts and the the the the the Jets. This was this was this was this was this was the game that so so so so so um okay like you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and and and and and so you play I mean okay uh like that demo. That was that was was was was was that was that was that was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose chose chose chose chose to like okay so so be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a a a a a Broncos fan because well quite frankly okay well well I mean because I have a horse horse horse horse horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang bang bang bang bang today. I'm um I mean like um sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis basis basis basis basis point cut the fat unanimously cut like uh like okay the federal funds funds funds funds funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in the us I mean mean mean mean mean okay you know well. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that that that that that the virus well okay like um and the measures that are being taken to to to to to contain. It will it will it will it will it will surely way way way way way on economic um you know so so activity both in the US and abroad abroad abroad abroad abroad for some time. This came this came this came this came this came earlier earlier earlier earlier earlier like I mean so um than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates illustrates. What we what we what we what we what we said about the well well well well well well well like FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by by by by by market. The question the question the question the question the question that remains like you know know know know know you know I mean is where will the FED go from here? If If If If If you if you if you if you if you reference the G7 meeting of so so so so so so I mean so Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal verbal verbal verbal verbal jawboning. So our so our so our so our so our senses look I I I I I mean you know I mean I mean to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 16 16 16 16 today so okay I mean uh. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O O O O O God for in the do I well well okay I mean put my trust I I I I I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord well so um I mean. I I I I I have I have I have I have I have no good be on thee as as as as as for the saints that are in okay I mean I mean uh the earth earth earth earth earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their okay well okay okay okay okay okay you know sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink drink drink drink drink offerings so so like well of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon upon upon upon upon my lips. The Lord I mean uh uh you know is the portion of my my my my my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the I mean well like well well well well well Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I yea, I yea, I yea, I I I I I yea, I have a goodly Heritage um like like um. I Will Bless The The The The The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup Cup Cup Cup Cup winner. Saskia um so um okay Weber who still a little bit annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not you know I mean okay like annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably I probably I probably I probably I probably can't talk about about about about about but it's okay. What's up? Everybody? like I mean okay well We're actually actually actually actually actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got we've got we've got we've we've we've we've we've got we've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map uh well you know so his his his his his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is what is what what what what what is what is what is up dude? How so so I mean so are you? you you you you I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, you you know so so so so so so so know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a a a a a somebody to well well okay you know talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all all all all all the way to Sweden to well well uh like find somebody to tell him him him him him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, so you know I mean mean mean mean mean like how many hours a day? Is it is it is it is it is it it it it it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where where where where where okay okay uh I mean a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually usually usually usually usually comes from a traumatic event or you know well well okay series of of of of of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying well well well well well well well okay causes of depression. And there was a study they did did did did did with two mice. They had they had they had they had they had one one one one one okay okay um um mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight slight slight slight slight electronic shock, but no way uh uh well well to get out the other Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse Mouse when they gave the shock to it. There was uh so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean a lever that it could hit where it could get out of of of of of the like I mean well I mean cage. The interesting thing about about about about about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's emiliano man's in here? here here here here And I just want to give a quick I mean uh like uh shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to like you know know know know know so well my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made what made made made made made what made what made what made me want to start a like so um um um um um okay podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground ground ground ground ground I mean so so um. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic basic basic basic basic simple questions. Like how do so well you know well I record an episode? episode episode episode episode How do how do how do how do how do I get my show show show show show into like All the apps um you know um I mean all the major major major major major markets. Is it is it is it is it is it even possible to make make make make make money from my podcast? Well, so you know you know like I got the answer ladies and and and and and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, so um well um man. Anchor is is is is is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and um uh so so so so so uh you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's going on guys guys guys guys guys Rob here. If you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's uh well okay I mean the app I'm using it it it it it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's um so like so so so so so creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast from your so well well you know phone or computer and it will also distribute your your your your your podcast to Spotify apple and many okay so I mean you know more more more more more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money so so so so so okay I mean so from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also also also also also great man. You gotta I mean I mean um uh grind you got got got got got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need I mean uh you know know know know know so to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor on I mean uh well um the App Store anchored on FM online to get get get get get Started let's get in you know well uh I mean the madness. Yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to listen to listen to listen listen listen listen listen to listen to my man okay I mean um um. Everything in YG's podcast Your Your Your Your Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep you know okay um um um um um okay doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how how how um you know I mean like we do it here at paddle and fin podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We use we use we use we use we use the anchor dot f well well well well well like you know I mean m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many many many many many different platforms. There's creation so you know um like tools to allowed you to to to to to record and edit podcast right from your phone or so you know uh okay okay okay okay okay a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free okay well you know know know know know okay anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master Master Master Master Master jigs I mean uh like so when in doubt get the jig out use promo promo promo promo promo code pmf 22 uh um um okay save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the the the the the paddle and fin podcast Network okay so well you know. This is the final final final final final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh I mean I mean you you you you you know okay Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And And And And And in and in and in and in and in this episode. I'm going going going going going to like uh okay um be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick stick stick stick stick around to hear more um um like well about this juicy stuff. Do you you you you you do you do you do you do you want to live a high Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe Vibe live um okay I mean you know with radiant energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have have have have have great success manifesting abundance uh well uh um in your life. Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into so I mean well so sexual Mastery and and and and and how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life so okay you know um um um um um. So there's a bit of a myth in our world that the ejaculatory uh you you you you you know like uh orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's that's that's that's that's the greatest sexual uh you know so so experience man can have is is is is is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and like um uh well tired tired tired tired tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex well well well well well okay um so this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Melinda and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is cabana is cabana is cabana is is is is is cabana is you know like I mean you know all about living your life with with with with with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone okay so I mean you know who who who who who inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that um so um um um um um um by listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention intention intention intention intention it so I mean so like all begins with you. With me me me me me in the studio today and by Studio, of you know uh uh so course, course, course, course, course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always like uh uh uh uh uh you know uh say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and and and and and I say like like you know I mean it like Madonna. Okay old like like like like like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really um well okay uh know know know know know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that that that that that well like uh so because it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that that that that that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Gerber okay okay you know so joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? doing doing doing doing Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just um um so like getting over over over over over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying like I mean mean mean mean mean uh uh to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you know um I mean okay headed the right direction. I think so, but yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad well I mean um I mean you're on. On On On On On the on the on the on the on the mend we did a a a a a couple patreon exclusive shows over the I mean like I mean um weekend or Friday night and and and and and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, um um like uh uh uh uh uh you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I I I I I know uh so um uh they appreciate so for this episode or actually before I I I I I get started with the uh I mean um so episode make sure you're you're you're you're you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing um um okay um a a a a a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing um uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, since we just finished our our our our our podcast. How are we going to so uh um okay upload this stuff? You haven't heard about about about about about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What like what like what like what like what what what what what like um like um is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to to to to to make a podcast really so well, I mean um uh so first of all, it's it's it's it's it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? uh so so okay Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways ways ways ways ways like well well well to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got got got got got creation tools allow you to you know you know well um record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That like I mean well um is is is is is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it it it it it go um uh I mean okay anywhere else after you post it? it it it it Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it um like you know you know know know know know out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more more more more more well um so well places. You don't have to do anything but post it to to to to to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any I mean well so well way to make money money money money money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast um um uh uh uh uh uh okay with no minimum listenership. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can make money right away. You can you can you can you can you can start you you you you you know um uh well making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying saying saying saying saying is it's everything you need um I mean well I mean to to make make make make make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download so download so download so download so download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let so well okay like me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that that that that that allow you to record and you know well uh okay edit your podcast, right you're you're you're you're you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so okay okay um um um um um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can um um um um um okay okay like make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need need need to you know okay so so make a podcast in one place. Is arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged marriage a scary proposition last year I mean uh so okay three of my my my my my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience like well um like like like like like. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him him him him him that like uh like you know she loves somebody else in the second experience as as as as as a wedding date approached the you know well um well girl ran away with her her her her her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, um like uh um um um um um but within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with with with with with her ex-boyfriend well okay so uh and probably had an affair and asked he filed filed filed filed filed for divorce right away um well well um. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si uncle Si uncle Si uncle Si uncle Si back in the office office office office office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining okay well so I mean to to to to to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more so uh uh uh uh uh uh so masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this this this this this is such well like uh you know an important topic is because people have have have have have no idea nowadays how to actually so like well like control their Destiny or how to to to to to actually control their fate so that way they're in uh I mean you know know know know know uh control of what they would like and as a man this is important important important important important to your I mean so well well success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness happiness happiness happiness happiness. And not only that if you want to okay okay so uh become become become become become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general can can can can can so well I mean like lean on you. You're going to have to learn learn learn learn learn this. So here's I mean you know so so the deal. If you if you you you you you if you if you if you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a a a a a person who I mean uh uh well cannot sit there and focus for two to to to to to five minutes, you're not going well well um um to do very well. Okay, because because because because because this video might take me a little bit you know um uh uh to explain explain explain explain explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five five five five five to well um okay um ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza xtravaganza xtravaganza xtravaganza xtravaganza featuring I mean so I mean you know this week. Only us to Alfie yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in I mean so well like the cutout fee fee fee fee fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a I mean so like okay okay okay okay okay bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad yeah sad yeah sad sad sad sad sad yeah sad yeah sad times it does. Obviously I obviously I obviously I obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously I obviously I mean I mean so so we had our first High-profile guest I I I I I guess you could say all due respect to Rob uh well well you know our amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to I mean mean mean mean mean like like well be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but but but but but we had our um well um well first we caught our first big fish and and and and and Andrew was absolutely fantastic you know okay so um on the podcast last week, and if if if if if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you you you you you you know I mean you know well guys want to hop on the blue Capital hotline hotline hotline hotline hotline drop your phone number so well okay um is down. So myself and Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, okay like well okay so we we we we we got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? so so like like like like like I mean All right, so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there there there there there well um um so are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will will will will will probably die of okay so I mean you know old age before actually seeing an an an an an execution on March second 1984 a man was so I mean well like convicted for a a a a a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man I mean mean mean mean mean uh um um wanted the death penalty. He did he did he did he did did did did did he did not not want to grow old in prison um I mean well well well well well like and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee okay okay like uh hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day day day day day with a morning uh uh like so cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December December December December December 27th, 1954 and spent most of you know you know well okay his life in Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here here here here here um um well okay at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go go go go go around and do so I mean like you know something special a little bit bit bit bit bit different going to go around and ask random teachers well you know know know know know like okay if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to like uh well like pull a question out of the grab bag. It's It's It's It's It's going to IAM impromptu, they're uh so like so going to answer it and we're going going going going going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, okay well like okay okay okay okay okay I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and uh um um um um um so like I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two two two two two Blue Devils. This um well um uh individual is awesome. And the story that they're they're they're they're they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So you know um uh uh uh uh uh I mean you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure sure sure sure sure make sure make sure make sure make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom from I mean like I mean well the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome Rome Rome Rome Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of you know I mean uh you know philosophy philosophy philosophy philosophy philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide I mean like um um um um um so you through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the the the the the you know like you know you know film was 342 the mere fact fact fact fact fact that people endure the same pain more easily when you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they like like like like like I mean okay I mean suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. Let so like you know like me explain it's free. There's a creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record you know I mean you know well and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your okay you you you you you know well like podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more like um um like you can make money from from from from from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you so so okay you you you you you know need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good good good good good Echo you know uh okay you know the FM to get started. No words words words words words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on on on on on all you know like um I mean night long. Okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, maybe okay, maybe okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake I wake I wake I I I I I wake I wake up in the bedroom was um uh um like filled with the tangible tangible tangible tangible tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T so um like uh uh uh uh uh starter, we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources like so well well well well well like for their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode episode episode episode episode of Friday I mean uh um you know funny is is not for little ears if if if if if you've got kids with you save uh like so okay this listening goodness for for for for for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional I mean uh um um um um um like comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow follow follow follow follow him you know well well okay on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun Braun Braun Braun Braun and this is Friday fun. He's you know like like uh with mr. D. Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V okay like well well well well well well. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I agora I I I I I agora I agora I agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron cast-iron so you know well um Mark and across from me is John was going going going going going back. Hey, man, what's happening? Oh um so uh uh good. We're back. We're back back back back back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in the so so well so so so so so ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a a a a a uh you know um like while? Yeah, very yeah, very yeah, very yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, very yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually you actually actually actually actually actually you actually you actually you actually you know um so so. Yeah, it's yeah, it's it's it's it's it's yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah hey, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We We We We We so we so we so we so we so um uh I mean need to to to to to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do do do do do okay uh well you know that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really really really really really I really I really I really I really believe that you can only win win win win win uh uh uh I mean or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then then then then then that means you can okay like I mean like learn something from the pain. Welcome to to to to to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in in in in in plain like uh like uh sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or or or or or a fairytale caricature. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the infamous infamous infamous infamous infamous Michigan so like you know okay Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear hear hear hear hear more urban legends check okay you know okay like out our haunted places places places places places feed on Spotify there. You'll find you'll find you'll find you'll find you'll find new new new new new Spotify only I mean okay well you know episodes of urban legends every Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to I mean like uh so the graphic nature nature nature nature nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode this episode this episode episode episode episode episode this episode this episode includes um okay okay you know descriptions of animal animal animal animal animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under uh well well um 13 13 13 13 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen um um you you you you you know like Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And um um um um um uh um uh this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and and and and and a half in the um well you know um markets. We reached out last last last last last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities so well uh um as well as as as as as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I like so so um thought it it it it it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills like like like like like so you know okay aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and and and and and a half um um I mean well thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday Friday Friday Friday Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking I mean so um well to do do do do do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you well like like like like like okay you know very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions sessions sessions sessions sessions stocks as measured by the uh like I mean like S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be okay okay okay okay okay you know so so about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and and and and and fucking dot okay well um well moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a a a a a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about I mean well uh you know blur if if if if if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed pissed pissed pissed pissed um you know um okay off my fucking we record this from songs on the the the the the first time. It was it was it was it was it was only I I I I I mean so you know uh to the second point. So it was 14 minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes and I like to do I mean uh well okay before. Yeah, fuck your your your your your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could like so like um um um um um just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say say say say say well okay well okay sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're we're we're we're we're counting we're counting we're counting we're counting down I mean okay uh okay the top 31 31 31 31 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to uh okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally intentionally intentionally intentionally intentionally losing games to I mean um you know um pay off gambling debts debts debts debts debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for so I mean so so so so so okay more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to to to to to our March uh you know well well Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you you you you you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 well you know uh you know as the the the the the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went uh you know like so so so so so wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of of of of of the Northwestern uh okay okay so players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host um I I I I I mean you know um. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree degree degree degree degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also um well okay you know the founder of the the the the the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping so okay okay so so so so so people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each each each each each well I mean uh okay week as we share real sessions with actual clients clients clients clients clients that reveal helpful techniques you know okay uh okay for effectively dealing with anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective okay like like well therapy looks looks looks looks looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they uh you you you you you know you know um overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities vulnerabilities vulnerabilities vulnerabilities vulnerabilities. They can still okay uh I mean you know live a rich full and meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength well um like well base and seeks to to to to to find and reinforce what clients do well to help well um uh I I I I I mean them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy Psychotherapy can be I mean um um you know summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this this this this this Earth um uh uh well for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to to to to to be here, you know where to take um um okay so month unless you just just just just just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, you uh okay you know know know know know you know know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy boy boy boy boy yesterday um um like you know for me. I don't I don't I don't I I I I I don't I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor okay uh so okay okay okay okay okay. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me I I I I I mean uh okay uh yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it it it it it. Mmm. So why do like uh I mean like you not believe in that door? door door door door Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is uh uh uh uh uh you know uh I mean the app that I actually use to make and distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute bitch work is how I I mean I mean uh uh first got started with the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an it's an it's an an an an an it's an it's an so well well well app you download on your your your your your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that well I mean you know know know know know I mean allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your your your phone or computer. Anchor you know uh uh I mean will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard you know um um um um um um you know on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got got got got got distribute it well like um um to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading uploading uploading uploading uploading my first episode you can I mean uh so I mean make money money money money money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you uh okay okay okay okay okay well um need to make a podcast and wine place. If you if you if you you you you you if you if you guys want to get well uh so uh started making a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app well well like um um um um um or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I I I I I am so excited so okay I mean so to bring you this week's week's week's week's week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my hello, my name is Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Coker. And this and this and this and this and this is your everyday everyday everyday everyday everyday positivity on Vale. I so so uh uh was scrolling through Facebook the the the the the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as the I mean well well well well well okay um best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it did did did did did for me I mean I mean uh well was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder Wonder song for me of all time, which I mean um okay well is is is is is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all when you come come come come come like well you know okay up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go go go go go. Um, man, I've nailed well um well uh life love is in need of of of of of Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie um I mean like so Wonder song song song song song and I love sitting and listening to it the message on it. Is like like like like like is like is like is like is like you know um uh that Love's Love's Love's Love's Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the love like you know know know know know so so back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I I I I I wanted I mean you know well like to get you to consider that you you you you you can apply this to lots of things in your so you know um like like like like like life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the the the the the joy you know I mean I mean uh of junk journals. And today's today's today's today's today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making like uh um um um um um like books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event event event event event because you know uh I mean well we don't teach this in school school school school school to people but this is really one of those you know like um so so so so so life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if if if if if uh uh you know well they made a book at least once in their their their their their life, right Holly. My parrot my parrot my parrot my parrot my parrot I mean uh uh uh uh uh so uh is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making making making making making those books. We need more you know like like so books in the the the the the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital okay uh like um and and and and and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from I mean mean mean mean mean uh um like paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so I mean you know well me me me me me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure okay okay okay okay okay um uh um if it's going to be something you want to keep up with with with with with. There's no there's no there's no there's no there's no money I mean uh okay you you you you you know to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works works works works works out great, okay well well like you keep doing it at no cost but but but but but there was no money out of your well okay uh um pocket, which which which which which was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. There's you know know know know know so okay you know creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone okay um um I mean or computer super easy. GE GE GE GE GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be you know I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money money money money money from like uh you know well your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have I have I I I I I have I have I have not found that any other podcast like like uh uh Creator Creator Creator Creator Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place download download download download download like you know okay uh the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin Griffin Griffin Griffin Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked uh well um okay to an an an an an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they I mean mean mean mean mean I mean so um were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of of of of of the journal body. I like I mean um uh wanted to host of get around to it it it it it for Barry. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to um um um um um like so okay the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like like like like like Seriously so you know I mean okay start with a compliment their jazz jazz jazz jazz jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in well like uh um real real real real real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super super super super super well like you know uh important to me as well introduce this person. So So So So So yes, I'm going to talk about like like like I mean Jeff Buckley or or or or or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about about about about about talking to uh I mean I mean um you about money. But not just just just just just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because um like you you you you you know um I believe that wealth is not just about how much money money money money money you have in your okay like uh so bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your your your your your personal life your professional life spiritually okay um I mean well emotionally your relationships and and and and and all that good stuff. I get I get I get I get I get get get get get so many questions from people um well I mean you know as I travel the world world world world world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for us okay uh I I I I I mean well to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here so so so so so here so here so here so here we go dear um so um like Lynn. I I I I I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's like like like like like well um um actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little little little little little frustrating uh you know okay um when I see others getting married and starting their their their their their families. I promise I I mean like like um am genuinely happy for them them them them them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports the sports the sports the sports the sports card Market is scorching hot hot hot hot hot and today on this sports okay like you know I mean card investor five of of of of of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name so okay well well well well well okay is Jeff Wilson by day. I invest I invest I invest I invest I I I I I invest in tech companies and at night I invest um um okay you know know know know know in sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the the the the the hobby well um well um we all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to another top five okay okay okay I mean Tuesday. And wow. Do I I I I I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports card well um um you know Market is is is is is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I I I I I okay um I mean so can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to to to to to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name um um uh uh is Gavin here with with with with with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have we have we have we have have have have have we have a wonderful like uh um I mean guest on the the the the the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of so um like um um um um um course all things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean you know. How you doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I you know like you know well well well well well should say rough game yesterday. It was it was it was it was it was a a a a a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- you know, know, know, know, know, when I like uh so you know began my podcast, I've been searching for for for for for so long. What kind of host how well well like like to do it in in in in in general when I was trying to browse. It was it was it was it was was was was was it was so complicated uh okay you know um so much so that until I found found found found found what anchor dot f m is all uh well so so about, you you you you you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me well well uh so. Started Started Started Started Started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you if you if if if if if you if you if you are looking um you know you know so so so so so at doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as as as as as um I mean uh uh for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when but when but when but but but but but when but when when I get you know so okay so a release for me, me, me, me, me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills well you know know know know know um you know. I forget I forget I forget I forget I forget the the the the the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I like I I I I I mean okay like just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole whole whole whole whole time. Like when like when like when like when like when uh so okay okay okay okay okay okay I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the um um um um um like so okay laundry when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the the the the the music as many times I mean so okay you know as possible, but I'm not not not not not even thinking about the lesson was broken all like well well um the work out out out out out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop like uh um well well well well well up or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and uh like like like like like I mean um you don't know what that's going to be or when it it it it it will be but so um so I mean it just happens after you listen listen listen listen listen to it for a while and then when you so you know okay um actually actually actually actually actually then go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things I I I I I mean um well well come together and you teach your already naturally in the music music music music music. So those little you know you know you know uh moments that your son son son son son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues uh so so so so so well I mean related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to to to to to our soil our you know you know like okay environment our bodies and the rural rural rural rural rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for and for and for and for and for this this this this this like so so um first episode of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start start start start start by digging you know uh well uh into the farm crisis of the 1980s how the the the the the American food system became more well like okay like concentrated. That's transparent and what what what what what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no so um well you know know know know know one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his like like like like like okay I mean you know life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a a a a a soldier and attorney and a um well well okay politician winning seats in the Missouri House House House House House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before I mean well so um serving a term term term term term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you you you you you a little bit like uh I mean okay about anchor it's the app that I use use use use use to record my podcasts. I absolutely love it uh okay like I mean. It's completely completely completely completely completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that allow you well uh uh uh uh uh um um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your computer and anchor distribute uh uh um like your podcast for you. So you so so so so so you so you so you so you can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts and so so so so so um I mean okay many other platforms you are able to make money from your your your your your podcast. You don't need um well so so to have a minimum listenership. And it's just just just just just really everything that you need to make like you know um well a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and accessible and and and and and like you know so I mean really helpful. You can download the free anchor app app app app app or go to Anchor dot okay well you know uh f m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the easiest so so so so so like you know uh way to get your feet wet and jump into into into into into creating your own podcast. I so uh I mean um love it. I'm going going going going going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll I mean you know uh um be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host host host host host Rick Hughes. Good morning like uh like well and welcome to the Flightline. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few like like I mean like minutes. You You You You You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration I mean okay okay okay okay okay uh like some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of of of of of God um so uh okay that will help you verify and identify the plan of of of of of God for your life if you know well so so you'd like to know know know know know that and if you want to orient and just to the so well well you know plan plan plan plan plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do that. But you you you you you know okay uh you know remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast well so um like. Let me explain it's free. There's a there's a there's a there's a a a a a there's a creation tools that allow you to well well you know so record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your okay um okay okay okay okay okay uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more more more well well well you know you can make money from your podcast with no no no no no minimum. Listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship listen ship is everything everything everything everything everything you need to okay I mean like like make podcasts in one place download download download download download the free ankle up or good Echo the so uh so you know FM FM FM FM FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm well well well well well um okay I mean so excited about talking to you about money, but not just just just just just money wealth means um okay like so wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health health health health health because I believe that wealth is not just okay um uh like about how how how how how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in well like I I I I I mean you know your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys and welcome to the the the the the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name my name my name name name name name my name my name so uh um uh is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined joined joined joined joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk like um I mean uh about something something something something something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm so like like like like like uh um very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate educate educate educate educate me. Okay, Karen tell so so okay you know me something. Have you watched watched watched watched watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, well yes, well yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, well yes, well yes, well you know you know you know and it was a a a a a culture. Where back where? I when I when I when I when I when I I I I I when we you know uh um I mean grew up so we should just hang hang hang hang hang around and you know oracle 3 uh uh you know uh 2 1 let let let let let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was well uh okay okay okay okay okay okay a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime like okay okay okay okay okay like uh when they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like like like like like shows Pokemon Digimon and okay you know so so Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori Hattori Hattori Hattori Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories stories stories stories stories from modern-day so you know so like disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the I'm the youth minister at st st st st st. Francis you know okay so uh of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my my my my my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm I mean like well um the youth Minister Minister Minister Minister Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy uh uh uh uh uh happy uh happy uh happy uh happy uh like so like Lance. I'll be home late late late late late you guys we have a super special episode for so um I mean well well well well well you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week you you you you you know you know um so. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about about about about about. Oh for sure for sure well well well uh. Butts were in our Lenten season season season season season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition so uh like okay of of of of of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a you you you you you know um well you know guest this week, but we're going to talk all all all all all things lent. We're going like well so well to do some things that are are are are are a little different from what we usually like you know so you know do on on on on on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't uh okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the science and spirituality podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual I mean uh so like principles and and and and and ground them in modern science. My name my name my name my name my my my my my name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin um okay uh like like like like like Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean uh understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools tools tools tools tools to create radical uh uh I mean so transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward forward forward forward forward to this episode and also so you know uh like having a new guest here here here here here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and and and and and she also okay uh well like happens to be my girlfriend. So it's it's it's it's it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah uh um well uh. Um, but yeah, so so so so so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you want well uh uh uh uh uh well uh to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want I I I I I want I want I want I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also like um um um um um uh like do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you you you you you. Thanks. Hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're well okay um um live live live live live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs like like like like like so so so. Just stop just stop just stop just stop just stop doing doing doing doing doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training you know um so you know know know know know your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training training training training training in I mean I mean okay you know this is the what would you have have have have have to show when you do a so like okay um one-hour show show show show show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been like you know know know know know um like sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my feet with with with with with socks and I've okay you know well I mean been things working and and and and and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing well okay um so a a a a a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, so yep, so yep, so yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna it's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians estheticians so um uh like for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their their their their their own skin from a professionals like well I mean I mean perspective. We're diving into into into into into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys you know uh um um um um um so in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment um um um um um you know like okay room. Hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, hi everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess and uh so so so so so um you know I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few few few few few questions. We I we I we I we I we I mean um uh uh uh uh uh okay would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering answering answering answering answering the questions you know well so okay that are top of mind for you you you you you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to welcome to welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today okay so well well well well well okay we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama well well okay I mean Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not not not not not the first my daughter uh you know well okay Carly will be on on on on on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this on on on on on this on this on this on this I mean well well uh article that I received received received received received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's well so uh so kids belong and and and and and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have have have have have um well you know I mean for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This uh you know like so episode were were were were were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video I I I I I mean uh like okay as well as the falling music video which which which which which came out today as we're recording this uh um you know um so as usual, usual, usual, usual, usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry um um um um um so you know like because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a a a a a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're and you're and you're and you're and you're you're you're you're you're listening to we live in a so okay I mean okay music Society. This podcast this this this this this podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview interview interview interview interview musicians that you know so um you know I think are doing really cool cool cool cool cool things right now and ask them questions about all you know okay uh I I I I I mean the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about about about about about you know well uh so the lived experiences in our lives that lead us us us us us to create and listen to uh okay well you know the music that we we we we we do welcome back to we live in a music Society you know um well well well well well well. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get get get get get to um I mean you know like call one of my favorite musicians. He's He's He's He's He's someone he's someone he's someone he's someone he's someone that I've looked up to to to to to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made well well well well well so I mean okay with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's That's That's That's That's perfect for spreading so you know uh like on your morning Bagel. Now where you get get get get get that big ol should be the I mean you know like so only subject subject subject subject subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been you know like like like like like okay you know doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and hello and hello and and and and and hello and hello and welcome to the hottest take my name so I mean you know know know know know okay is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and and and and and Roger uh okay okay well has the floor. Best day best day best day best best best best best day best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday uh uh uh uh uh okay well you know. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having having having having having a random holiday in okay uh like okay the middle of the week for Roger at at at at at the government. The government the government the government the government the government has thrusted all of of of of of I mean so um like our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what what what what what I um I mean like um have some piping hot tea for you guys guys guys guys guys. Have you have you have you have you have you ever thought about starting okay um um um um um like uh your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really really really really really cool app called I mean uh so well anchor FM best part of this this this this this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation you know uh um I mean mean mean mean mean tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I I I I I mean I mean you know so your computer. Anchor will also distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be okay so you know so heard on on on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast um um um um um um well um with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need you need you need need need need need you need you need in a podcast in one place. So make so make make make make make so make so make so make I mean well uh well sure you guys guys guys guys guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in um uh like like like like like um hat. Get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, you're tuned in to to to to to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely like uh so I mean teeth bringing bringing bringing bringing bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagramcom uh you you you you you know uh uh. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks it looks it looks it looks it looks like there's going to to to to to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus you know like uh I mean mean mean mean mean series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at BR BR BR BR BR you know like I mean okay Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in in in in in a black suit with the green okay well like well and gold that is a dead dead dead dead dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that like I mean okay well was was was was was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's um I mean mean mean mean mean so um exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether whether whether whether whether we'll be seeing uh uh I mean so a kid Loki as well as as as as as both a child and Lady versions of well so well so loci or straight out of of of of of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few like well well well well well well um times after being brought back to them dead. And it and it and and and and and it and it and it looks like we're getting at like you know okay so so so so so least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see see see see see in so I mean so you know the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about about about about about the upcoming series? Let us let us let us let us let us know know know know know what you'd like like you know so well to see in the comments and be sure sure sure sure sure to hit that like button and uh uh okay okay subscribe for your daily dose of of of of of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel well uh well okay movie movie movie movie movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like like like like like to well so uh so keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing okay so well I mean show start brushing on the top of your mouth and and and and and make little circles with your um like uh you know brush around each to to to to to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk I mean uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the the the the the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san okay like you know so trois. Yeah. Santa was was was was was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom uh okay okay okay okay okay I mean so and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti Ashanti people had many riches but um okay um I mean there was one thing thing thing thing thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and and and and and well uh I mean like show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy boy boy boy boy Ralph. It's up. Its well I mean um uh Eli and Welcome to our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying you know you know okay you know to to to to to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and and and and and okay so so like decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and and and and and now here we I mean like like okay are. So yeah, it's just the the the the the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but uh well uh well we figured figured figured figured figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you know okay okay okay okay okay like uh you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout shout shout shout shout out I mean um well okay to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already already already already already over night. Yes. We're basically I mean like like I mean famous. Right? Well, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's there's there's there's there's Matthew McConaughey and I mean you know well um then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in in in in in a uh uh I mean okay series of slangs now known as the Santa Santa Santa Santa Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale so I mean like okay for anyone anyone anyone anyone anyone traveling alone. If you if you if you if you if you enjoy the episode episode episode episode episode you're about to hear and well um you know like want to listen to to to to to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and True True True True True uh so like um Crime. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On um I mean like so so so so so Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on on on on on this day well well like well in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college college college college college student in Santa Rosa. California was like so okay well raped strangled and dumped after she she she she she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby baby baby baby baby okay uh you know um after a lengthy break there by eight about two two two two two minutes. We've been going to be a you know well well uh Christmas break break break break break. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna get one out before Christmas then then then then then we're gonna Get one back well okay well I mean after Christmas and then now now now now now it's very happy way and we have no okay um so um excuses excuses excuses excuses excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then um uh like like like like like so we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna be like so so okay completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't weren't weren't weren't weren't in the mood but we well um like you know felt a void missing that that that that that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot so I mean well well well well well you know of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another another another another another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? what-what what-what what-what what-what Absolutely, uh um okay uh not today. We watch we watch we watch watch watch watch watch we watch we watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we we we we we all I mean you know so well wanted by the end of it. I I I I I think my jock lighter is in danger. He dies he dies he dies he dies he he he he he dies okay you know um you know. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going going going going going uh like uh so on? I need a fam we're back for another day day day day day another week some more than 90 um um like so so welcome back to the first first first first first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and yes and yes and yes and yes yes yes yes yes and so well um like episode like 58 have already bonded with these people people people people people. Let me just tell you really Sonu uh like I mean well. I know and I I I I I know there's some I love okay so off the top as so like okay okay okay okay okay uh usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the the the the the uh like okay like news news, I got some things on the top. I want want want want want to talk about like you know okay um because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a like I I I I I mean okay I mean daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore explore explore explore explore what it means to well so um I mean live with. Hope in Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we so we so we so so so so so we so we so like uh okay do not lose heart. Though our outer self self self self self is wasting away. Our inner okay uh um you know self is being renewed day day day day day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for well you know you know know know know know so us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not not not not not to the um um you know I mean things that are seeing but to the things things things things things that are unseen for the things that you know well you know I mean are are are are are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's okay so so so so so okay uh anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast first okay I mean you know I mean off. It's free free free free free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make okay like okay okay okay okay okay you know you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your your your podcast well uh you know um right from your phone or your computer. In fact some some some some some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have so okay well you know been completely made on. My My My My My phone my phone my phone my phone my phone anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for you like I mean um um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and and and anywhere else where you would um well uh like download a podcast. This one's huge huge huge huge huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in I mean like um you know order order order order order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you well I I I I I mean you know you know record the ones that you want and they go on on on on on your podcast. It's everything that you I mean well I mean so need to make make make make make a podcast all in one place. So if so if so if so if if if if if so if you've I mean well uh you know always wanted to start a a a a a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download um uh uh uh uh uh I mean um the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started started started started started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have we have we have we have we have to go ahead and give give give give give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor like I mean um like for giving giving giving giving giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, um okay like like like like like well this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their their their their their creation tools that allow you so like I mean okay to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor like anchor like anchor like like like like like anchor like anchor like so well um will also distribute your podcast for you you you you you so I can be heard on Spotify well you know okay um Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're like like like like like okay uh you know extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to to to to to help make I mean okay I mean uh our podcast and you know, it's also also also also also an easy way for you to well you know okay like make money from from from from from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything so so well um that that that that that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if like um so I I I I I mean you're interested in doing something like this, you know, go download the free free free free free anchor you know um um so app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to Started and and with that, um okay so okay you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA LA LA LA LA Galaxy like so I mean so. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here here here here here. So yeah, so what up? like like like like like like like like like like like like like like um like What up? And Spenny and Spenny and Spenny and Spenny and and and and and Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like I like I like I like like like like like I like them um like well uh. Anyway, when we show second game of of of of of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on on on on on top well uh so so and Blake all good. So today so today today today today today so today so today so today we are recording the first episode of the the the the the so uh okay well podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two two two two two or three months. He has um I mean well like smelt a long story story story story story short may not going to be in touch for well I mean like okay okay okay okay okay a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the okay like like like like like okay you know lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we we we we we were having may okay you know okay so help a few older. So this this this this this is all very much part in those thoughts um so you know um into into into into into action. And if and if and if and if and if we can help help help help help at least one other person as a byproduct um okay okay like of our our our our our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable like okay okay okay okay okay uh um form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically basically basically basically basically introduce ourselves uh so okay so so you can get to know us us us us us that more about who you actually listened so um so okay to and then down down down down down the line move very much want to delve into well you know you know you you you you you know some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction introduction introduction introduction introduction uh like well I mean my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, we've got to to to to to see just for you here at musings of a well okay I mean I mean mean mean mean mean wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find we we we we we find we find we find we find well so you know well lessons and stories stories stories stories stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean um. So grab so grab so grab so grab so grab grab grab grab grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water so you know okay like like like like like and join us for this week's episode. Us Odes us Odes us Odes us us us us us Odes us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey uh you know okay you you you you you know and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part part part part part like um you know you know of our family. Now, you're part of of of of of our family. Now, you're part of our family well you know so okay. Now, you're part part part part part of our family, you know, you're a part of uh you know so so so so so so our family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say say say say say like like uh okay thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our our our our our show so so like well notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty much already know the answer to but well um okay um I'm going to ask ask ask ask ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to know so well like like like like like um an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear it it it it it um well uh you know. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts thoughts. Do you ever hear me every time? uh okay you know so Now that's that's that's that's that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes I call out your I I I I I mean you know I mean I mean names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen um um um um um um well um to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for for for for for so I mean so so free without a premium account Spotify has a huge huge huge huge huge catalogue of podcasts on every you know well uh like imaginable topic plus you can follow follow follow follow follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss okay you know um like an episode premium premium premium premium premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and okay okay okay okay okay uh like um easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if if if if if you uh you know so well haven't done so already Ready, be sure to to to to to download the Spotify app search for Optimal you know I mean I mean um um um um um Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure you you you you you know so you know I mean to follow me. So you so you so so so so so you so you so you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another another another another another it's another it's another it's another it's another like um okay you know Q&A edition edition edition edition edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of of of of of I mean um well you know the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Optimal Health daily um you know well you know where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the so the so the so the so the other night I was getting getting getting getting getting some support from a coach. And yes, I have um okay so uh a a a a a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because so so so so so so you know well I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and and and and and how hard uh like um like it can be sometimes and I realized I I I I I had allowed myself to fall into I mean okay I mean uh this pattern of of of of of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I I mean mean mean mean mean well um uh know better than to do but I just kind of of of of of got caught in a loop and like okay uh um it's one of my my my my my weaknesses. Well so well so well so well so well so my coach said something something something something something to me so very profound okay you know uh um and the shift that that that that that it has created since then has been so powerful that well you know know know know know um like he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Parker I mean you know um well link and this episode we talk about Lego Lego Lego Lego Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas you know okay uh well for the the the the the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit so sit so sit so sit so so so so so sit back relax and enjoy too like I mean you know you know. As we all all all all all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some uh like well okay kind kind kind kind kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us with we we we we we so okay so so got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the the the the the beverage of the uh um like well night. It's our day off tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on this like well okay uh night, but mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background so background so background background background background background so background so background on you know so okay you know Lego Masters, it was was was was was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief so so you know well well well well well versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape escape escape escape escape with Ford like uh I mean okay copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard standard standard standard standard driver assist Technologies. It's built it's built it's built it's built it's built to help help help help help you know uh like well you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on on on on on the road. They're smart I mean well you know okay and then there's Street Street Street Street Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March so um okay uh uh uh uh uh 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson nick Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson was arrested like uh like well for defrauding his his his his his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would you you you you you know uh um I mean subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly single-handedly single-handedly single-handedly single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the I mean I mean well uh oldest oldest oldest oldest oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but um um um um um you know like uh you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley Bradley Bradley Bradley Bradley is here I mean um I mean uh to help on Bradley's micro Board review review review review review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers um well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean one to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will will will will will cover you know I mean well I mean all the important facts for for for for for an infectious agent and at least one original board style so um so like question question question question question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really I really I really I really I really turned into my heart. My My My My My heart my heart my heart my heart my heart was like it's scary but but but but but you well I mean like okay need to do this. Hello and welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm okay like you know um your hearts Monica Monica Monica Monica Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I well like you know know know know know uh hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has has has has has blood in uh I mean so uh this episode. We'll be talking about all things things things things things periods hormones confidence health food money sex you know okay I mean like business feminine flow flow flow flow flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our I mean mean mean mean mean you know you know well heads. You will you will you will you will will will will will you will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs bombs bombs bombs bombs as other well I mean okay okay the filter about love talking about about about about about all the shit that people are thinking cook too um um well so so so so so afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave like like like like like well so like my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in in in in in Williamsburg like like uh uh now, but basically what happened is like the laws in in in in in New York like crazy well so I mean well with like subletting and whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do do do do do like I mean I mean uh stand-up. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with with with with with a really bad therapists last I mean well okay um weekend and she just like got got got got got right and did not try to get to know so uh so so so so so you know me at all was like, what would you say is your your your your your main issue? And I you know uh uh okay was like, let's fix this in in in in in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes um so you know know know know know um. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes got right you know um okay I mean down to business and I was like, I I I I I don't know. I guess I well I mean you know like feel like I always need need need need need to be in control and she's like, is that what well like so um you you you you you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I so you you you you you know so well don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this hi, this is Scott and welcome to to to to to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's uh you know so like like like like like word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply deeply deeply deeply deeply like well you know okay on things that matter most this way. We can experience experience experience experience experience a life full of meaning and so like well you know joy everyday. I am am am am am I am I am I am I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, couple things before we we we we we go into this podcast. I really actually want you like you know uh uh uh uh uh uh to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So So So So So please uh um like well hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put put put put put hashtag garyvee podcast with the so like I mean so W in there as as as as as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7 so okay so um. Please hit me me me me me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the the the the the well okay like like Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom. Slash garyvee with double okay um so well. He's then he's then he's then he's he's he's he's he's then he's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited excited excited excited excited about this uh um like um interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put put put put put in your phone numbers. We're um so okay well going to call somebody in LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your question well well like like and then then then then then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome you know know know know know well okay uh wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want want want want want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes like like like like like uh so uh right? I think so. I don't want to just let let let let let it sit here like I mean um um if I'm not using it, but what's happening happening happening happening happening today why I'm talking to you today is you know uh uh like because because because because because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm well well well well well um so okay when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had Had Had Had Had all my stuff with me I mean like so okay as most New Yorkers Yorkers Yorkers Yorkers Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too I mean like like like like like so I mean warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you you you you you. Almost got killed um well like okay by someone before crossing the street. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for being polite. So I was too okay so like uh hot. I I I I I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of um um um um um I mean uh okay money comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to to to to to my regular normal standard well well you know well than I feel like a failure failure failure failure failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's you know well uh uh uh uh uh uh let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a like well uh uh uh uh uh like month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I mean you know uh I mean like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed succeed succeed succeed succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I mean so uh well I don't know how how how how how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why so you you you you you know you know okay because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are are are are are way outside you know I mean like like of our means. Yeah. Welcome to to to to to the business of a podcast. My name my name my name my name my my my my my name is Lorna um okay I mean um Liz love and I am a success success success success success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of um I mean like like like like like like a million dollar online Empire. I am I am I am I am I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is is is is is you know well well you know gonna be our first podcast. So, you you you you you know, we'll see how it goes. It's I mean I mean well so been a a a a a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a okay so so so so so well well while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want want want want want to say the thing well okay uh so the thing is is let's let's let's let's let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get you know you you you you you know you know okay into this first podcast, you know, just kind of of of of of figuring out the Kinks of it um well well um all it's going going going going going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying um um I mean mean mean mean mean um to figure it out. It's kind it's kind it's kind it's kind it's it's it's it's it's kind of kind of nervous. But you but you but you but you but you you you you you know, we'll get well I mean like um a gun. Sorry now here in in in in in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move well okay like I I I I I mean it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date date date date date okay well well you know white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw saw saw saw saw this all of well okay you know um this and I gave all all all all all of my family a sigh of relief. What's you what's you what's you what's you you you you you what's you know I mean uh um up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I like so I mean okay am I'm having a a a a a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up okay uh okay you know know know know know super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked okay okay okay okay okay okay um so out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I I I I I woke I woke I woke I woke I woke up I mean like uh okay okay okay okay okay late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 30 30 30 30 10 and um uh so I mean then I just been sluggish but I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew knew knew knew knew that and I'm joined today by with well well well I mean my co-host Chris silver silver silver silver silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure okay like well well well well well okay. You know how we were talking. Am I am I am I am am am am am I am I meeting right now? I just got home uh okay you know know know know know well from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some some some some some food so so you know like. So I had to clear my throat kind of of of of of getting over sickness at the like uh you know so Miller. But yeah, okay okay okay okay okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy how so so so so so like like like in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I I I I I crack up because um um like you know I am not tech savvy. I just just just just just I just I just I just I just use an app called anchor which I I I I I highly like like um um recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It It It It It gives it gives it gives it gives it gives you step-by-step directions on how to well well well well well you know well like create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are are are are are there are there are there are there are free editing's tools and you know well well well well well um you know the best part is that they distribute the out your your your your your podcast for you and So if so well I mean okay you're interested interested interested interested interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor well so okay well dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot dot dot dot dot f m-- and well so so um you can have a podcast to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to another episode of the good good good good good well um well well sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much for tuning in you know um well I mean to this week's week's week's week's week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a a a a a name yet? okay so well uh I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given given given given given my last name kind of lame like like well I mean. But but then I I I I I was told that people may think that breakfast at Perkins. Could have so well I I I I I mean um some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I might might might might might do I mean I mean I mean well breakfast with Perkins. I don't know know know know know. Anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how we doing? How's everyone doing? doing doing doing doing uh so uh well I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help help help help help kind of supplement I mean so uh I mean my thoughts that I have on other other other other other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook uh uh okay um Instagram. What have have have have have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's well well I I I I I mean you know stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee um so like okay and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink drink drink drink drink magazine. We um I mean well I mean tape here in honeycomb Manila, which which which which which is the home of our company, but also is uh um so well also also also also also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have we we we we we have we have we have we have a number so uh I mean mean mean mean mean I mean of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the the the the the content, Not that so uh so okay we're putting out whether it be be be be be about four games or let's coffee, which is about I mean okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs Thumbs so okay like um Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot lot lot lot lot. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're listening via podcast I mean mean mean mean mean so um well or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do do do do do leave a comment if you I mean well uh I mean can we would would would would would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If you you you you you if you if you if you if you know okay well you know so, so, so, so, so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business you know know know know know uh like okay tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go go go go go to www.sceeto.com for you know like well I mean / create to access your free guide guide guide guide guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg um like well well well well well well. Forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop stop stop stop stop uh uh I mean well being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six six six six six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me let me let me let me let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure treasure treasure treasure treasure. So like well well so far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Michael Michael Michael Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of then I mean you know so I mean New New New New New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of like you you you you you know you know um what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to to to to to swim to shore, like like uh um but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked hijacked hijacked hijacked hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two you know so well well hundred thousand dollars in Ransom Ransom Ransom Ransom Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These okay uh I mean okay all have have have have have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now okay okay okay okay okay um okay so we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly show in addition um I mean so okay to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now now now now now you'll now you'll now you'll now you'll now get a special mini episode okay I mean um um um um um I mean on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast okay like like like like like well well being broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I I I I I am your host okay like okay like pain Rosales and thank you for joining me me me me me again on an episode of Inside the you know okay uh so Mind Mind Mind Mind Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now you know know know know know you know so uh growing into bigger acts in the future today. I am am am am am joined by or you know so um okay joy. Joined with rather a local local local local local band called recoil and would you guys please like you know uh so introduce introduce introduce introduce introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? up up up up uh um uh um uh um uh um uh um uh you know What What What What What up? My name? My name my name my name my name my name is is is is is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can I mean you know well well find find find find find us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it it it it it like um uh so. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric I'm Eric I'm Eric I'm Eric I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is life is life life life life life is life is life is not like like okay uh that easy. You need need need need need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed like okay um um um um um you know more targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done done done done done watching so I mean well you know the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Lana Lana Lana Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy you know so um I I I I I mean. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here here here here here I mean like I mean um soon. But first a beer Joseph what what what what what you drinking? I'm having I'm having I'm having I'm having I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're and we're and we're and we're and we're live another episode of of of of of athletic insights. We're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined we're joined here here here here here by our guests so well so um Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you you you you you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are like uh like I mean you? you you you you Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having having having having having uh um uh I mean me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really really really really really excited. This is the so you know well I mean podcast. I originally originally originally originally originally I originally I originally I originally I originally wanted to do back in January January January January January. So it's really cool. Nice um nice um nice um nice um nice um um um um um you know well like little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally finally finally finally finally be able to do this and I mean so so like on such a such such such such such a high note. Note. So for so for so for so for so for for for for for those of you listening uh you know you know okay at home both Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be okay um uh so so so so so playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, Connor, Connor, Connor, Connor, well you know um I mean why don't you just tell us a a a a a little bit about growing up and playing for so um well I mean mean mean mean mean the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back uh like uh um um um um um on my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so I I I I I mean okay so uh much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to listen to you taking the time um I mean uh well to listen listen listen listen listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not take uh like like like like like so you know the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the the the the the day after you know so uh well a really bad car accident that left left left left left my car totaled. I was in a hard like well okay okay place of of of of of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble okay well you know okay me me me me me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what uh like um uh uh uh uh uh are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to to to to to impact so I mean um um to make an impact and I instantly began began began began began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this I mean I mean you know you know passion for for for for for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor um okay like uh its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's creation tools that um I mean so uh allow you to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean uh computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be be be be be heard on like I mean well um Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can can can make money from your podcast with okay I mean um uh no minimum listenership. It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So um I mean uh uh uh uh uh well download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to to to to to get started so um so um. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again again again again again. So tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight so tonight we're going to talk talk talk talk talk you know so so you know about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche cliche cliche cliche cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by by by by by Jason like okay uh like concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have have have have have before. I know that we you know so okay I mean fought the Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king. Oh so uh you you you you you know um my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with with with with with like I mean you know like absolute power. I'm not saying we need to to to to to go to some like Royal Dutch okay like well okay like diagnostic system. But look look look look look but look but look but look but look at England right now how much much much much much better would our political um um you know I mean discourse be if if if if if we would just elect the king for every like a decade every so you you you you you know so I mean 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have have have have have a like a well well okay well boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister minister minister minister minister is actually making the decision, right? So like so you know so he's have a a a a a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to I mean uh okay okay okay okay okay you know go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first first first first first fireworks on the uh well well so fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about about about about about uh like uh well starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If If If If If you haven't heard about anchor so I mean you know um is the easiest way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me let me let let let let let me explain it's free like okay you know uh their creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone I mean uh uh uh uh uh well well or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple you know so well I mean podcast and many more you you you you you can make money from your podcast. No minimum no minimum no minimum no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum no minimum listenership I mean um okay so. It's everything you need to make make make make make a podcast in one place. So download the okay so well okay okay okay okay okay free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond where you'll um uh so uh learn tips and techniques on the car buying buying buying buying buying. Process how process how process how process how process how to get the the the the the best okay you know I mean uh deal what scans to watch out for for for for for and much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's free. Those I mean I mean I mean you know are creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast right from um uh well okay okay okay okay okay your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can can can be um well so like heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you you you you you can make money from your podcast with well um okay I mean no minimum will will will will will listen to ship. Everything you everything you everything you everything you everything everything everything everything everything you need to make podcast in so like um like one place. You start start start start start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your do your do your do your do your fake laugh when you're like like like like like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our well well like like very very very very very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good uh uh uh uh uh uh so okay for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme theme theme theme theme song that um okay okay so you just heard is by a local. Band named named named named named band named band named band named band named Elvis freshly you can check out out out out out their so um uh um new release. Y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme our theme our theme theme theme theme theme our theme our theme song well like so uh is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered considered considered considered considered well you know you know like starting a podcast now is definitely the the the the the time anchor is definitely the place I well like so um can't can't can't can't can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get get get get get I mean uh like um it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with with with with with a couple clicks of the button. I so I so I so I so I I I I I so like well so had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many like well uh okay other platforms again. It was so easy easy easy easy easy. I can do it from my phone you know okay so uh from from from from from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can uh okay you you you you you know like do it. It's free it's free it's free it's free it's free absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped they helped they helped they they they they they helped they helped me um like uh like with so much. They literally do it it it it it. All I can't think of a better like so I mean um place to start start start start start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So uh like so so so so so like download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- m-- m-- to get started you know you know um I mean again download the app app app app app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started started today. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of of of of of an you know so I mean okay introduction episode for the NRL super coach coach coach coach coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give you like um so um a bit bit bit bit bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about. Each week week week week week each week each week each week each week uh okay like so and give you you you you you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for the upcoming um uh um um um um um I mean NRL super coach season. So I've so I've so I've so so so so so I've so I've played Super kosher about seven years and I've you know okay um um um um um okay spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the game game game game game The uh okay you know well Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why why why why why don't I give you okay you know uh okay my thoughts and try and and and and and give you some tips and tactics to players who might be like I mean well like like like like like just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is this is this is this is this is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame Fame Fame Fame Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to I mean I mean so um the Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow like well like um um um um um him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can can can can can record I mean um I mean well edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can can can can can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on um so like you know Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome uh um I mean mean mean mean mean like to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited I'm excited excited excited excited excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited for this thing to get okay like uh uh uh uh uh uh launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow CEO CEO CEO CEO CEO I mean well uh okay and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are are are are are we are we are we are we are a fitness based community in North so so so so so well I mean I mean Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this this this this this podcast is honestly I mean well I mean well something that's been on my mind mind mind mind mind for a while and it's time for it like um I mean um to go. So So So So So here so here so here so here so here we go with episode. I want to to to to to talk a little bit about like um I mean well why we're doing this and and and and and what to expect and who it's for. So let's you know um I mean well get get get get get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've you you you you you know like well I mean always had for our fitness Community that's six and a a a a a half years old is to always uh like well I mean be improving. So I I I I I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am I am I am I am I am your host Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful well you know well like Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as as as as as okay so well I mean well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth fourth fourth fourth fourth episode of urban legends and other Dreadful so okay so I mean Curiosities. If you are are are are are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm you know well well um um um um um your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow um um um um um like um well it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you you you you you uh like I mean I mean know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie lie lie lie lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept I kept I kept I kept I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of um um um um um uh so I mean Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Tina to talk okay so you know um about the perfect storm of things that that that that that are happening in the world that okay you know well um are bullish for for for for for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American I mean okay um um um um um well markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna uh uh uh uh uh um so I mean like it quick one always bullish bullish as always with our our our our our good friend Tina. This episode okay uh okay okay is brought to you you you you you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was so uh like I mean mean mean mean mean actually had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not I mean like like like like like like well the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to um like um I mean buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that that that that that what was it the cash um I mean okay I mean yet? That's what what what what what I said. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to um well you you you you you know I mean be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video video video video video on um so I mean um my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. I did that thing where you know well well uh you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um like um I mean where we talk to you about how you can can can can can start and grow your hardscaping business and well um I mean okay on today's episode episode episode episode episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are I I I I I mean you know um um releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO SEO SEO SEO SEO for landscapers starting so like you know like a an SEO optimized website for your your your your your business and what you need to do like so you know okay to be able able able able able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search search search search search um okay so okay engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it it it it it getting into creating a website um so well well. That is search engine optimized SEO SEO SEO SEO SEO optimized is something that I've been working on for the like uh well well well well well well past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts keep you you you you you know uh uh well was the next one in a series of websites that that that that that I've created and it's it um I mean well like is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on on on on on the boys um well I mean I mean podcast before we get this episode Ron Ron Ron Ron Ron. I really do want to talk a you know uh so uh little bit about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I so uh um well will will will will will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to to to to to make okay um like you know a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to well uh uh uh uh uh like I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute so so like you know your podcast for you. So it can be be be be be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast well okay I mean uh my bad and and and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no you you you you you know I mean so um minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place place place well you know I mean so. Anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's let's let's let's let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the well well well well well um uh um boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And And And And And of and of and of and of and of course me. We're all the so well well well well well okay uh hosts. Obviously. We got we got we got we got we got four four four four four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got we got we got we got we got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so like like like like like like so so good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that that that that that let well um you know like you record and edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or computer and anchor um um um uh distributes your podcast everywhere to to to to to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if well um you know okay you're looking looking looking looking looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking like like like like like okay like I mean of podcasts right? Here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the happy happy happy happy happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 uh I mean you know okay today today today today today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind kind kind kind kind you know so I mean so of maintain my West Coast time. So I I I I I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's like so you know I mean Colton Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a I mean I I I I I mean like uh podcast where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to to to to to us um you know so you know or relevant. What's on the deal today today today today today guys? So today we first we just want um like well you know to thank thank thank thank thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten we've gotten we've gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten we've gotten we've gotten up to like so uh like around 70 listeners. So So So So So it so it so it so it so it was pretty crazy. It It It It It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon carbon carbon carbon carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi nahi nahi nahi nahi Hai Zindagi Ki you know so you know okay Love To Go. Hi. Mexica Mexica Mexica Mexica Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid um um so well educator educator educator educator educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should they should they should they should they should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome along to the property property property property property Academy podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host host host host host Ed well uh you know well Makai time major Nicole today on the the the the the show. We're going to be talking about okay I mean so you know gross rental rental rental rental rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we well you know know know know know okay like talking about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in in in in in Auckland given that um uh okay like it is probably not likely an investor suburb suburb suburb suburb suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in okay um well okay. Well a well well well well well a well a well a well a couple of weeks ago. I got I I I I I got I got I got I got the call-up from Westpac one of you know know know know know um um you know the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you you you you you comment on an article I mean you know so you know that we're writing writing writing writing writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic I mean so uh uh uh uh uh well data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house um uh uh uh uh uh um okay and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a whereas a whereas a whereas whereas whereas whereas whereas a whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross well you know well um um um um um yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are you are you are you are you are listening to do includes live live live live live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where well okay like uh we talk about about about about about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for like so you you you you you know so joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. And this week. We okay you know so um are celebrating women. I'll is I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll is I'll is I'll is I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the the the the the 8th of March, so we I mean you know so I mean thought it'd it'd it'd it'd it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy what I mean you you you you you know uh you know could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, so I know in a okay uh okay like moment you're going to be talking talking talking talking talking about a really huge piece of news that was okay so well so covered in in in in in the media last week. So I so I so I so I so I thought thought thought thought thought it might be nice for uh um I mean uh me to start with maybe a a a a a slightly smaller you story that people haven't so you know so well necessarily heard heard heard heard heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across like uh um um um um um I mean an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler you know know know know know so I mean you know in this podcast. What we do is we have top top top top top ten lists. These are like so um um the audio versions of our videos that that that that that were originally published on YouTube. If you if you if you if you if you you you you you so you know I mean okay enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a a a a a review on Apple podcasts or um okay so I mean Oye podcast. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter so well okay okay okay okay okay well all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi uh uh uh uh uh so so I mean to me. Let me know how you liked this this this this this show and let's get into so well you know I mean it. Hello. I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet internet internet internet internet. And in like well so well the video today. We're looking we're looking we're we're we're we're we're looking we're looking we're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life life life life life as well like okay well something totally different most of us go through life and not not not not not knowing who we are I mean like I mean I mean or what we we we we we want to do at least until a few decades in we go through well okay so so so so so well many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the the the the the one that's truly okay okay you know um right for us many companies are the same often often often often often times the most successful corporations on I mean okay like okay earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you okay you know like you know know know know know please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would would would would would really help us uh like you know you know to move forward. Hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we I mean uh um so are the the the the the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March um um um um um um you know uh the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for for for for for Success webinar okay well okay well from four o'clock. Until five until five until five five five five five until five until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this yes, this yes, this yes, this this this this this yes, this is the unique time when you you know you know uh uh can see see see see see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full uh okay so so so so so okay ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever whatsoever. It'll be um okay okay well fun. So please so please so please please please please please so please so please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely well well uh so. We really insisted everybody. Is there is there is there there there there there is there is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart Hart Hart Hart Hart so so well uh. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz um so I mean I mean you might remember them from from from from from a little show called Glee or from their okay well okay you know current phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are we are we are we are we are going going going going going to be talking about being in our 30s I mean well uh I mean or or or or or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping cupping cupping cupping cupping you know um okay like enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel feel feel feel feel like nervous today, but like like um okay I feel nervous today, which I really really really really really yeah II don't know why I really don't okay well like I mean know know know know know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my you you you you you know I mean um I mean frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have have have have have been here for 30 minutes. I said uh so well okay to all of this this this this this morning. I was I was I was I was I was like, oh oh oh oh oh I've just got to make sure like uh you know well the podcast is set set set set set. There's nothing I hate more than when you show up to okay uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say say say say say thank um well well um you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord for his goodness and mercy you know um well uh in your life. What a a a a a what a what a what a what a God we have to worship. What What What What What a son you know um I mean okay we have to praise. What What What What What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You I mean um so so so so so you know may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are are are are are aware of what is on well so okay I mean our Facebook page official Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father in well you know um um um um um I mean the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone Cardone okay I mean like I mean Starts Now. What's going what's going what's going what's what's what's what's what's going what's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is you you you you you know uh uh like Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode episode episode episode episode 24. How's it how's it how's it how's it how's it going guys? I'm well well well well well so so you know doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk talk talk like like you know um now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to to to to to the Riverdale after show. What a well well I mean um crazy episode episode episode episode episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight um uh um um um um um um. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole so you you you you you know um so jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so there's so there's so there's so there's there's there's there's there's so much going on. It's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's it's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's Tony's are up to you know okay like okay their normal Shenanigans and then I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things uh you know uh I mean at the the the the the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be um okay okay okay okay okay uh you know doing our class clown class president. So if you guys have have have have have a class clown class you know so so like present for this episode, please start sending sending sending sending sending them in in the live chat. I you know so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean am Katie. I am I am I am I am I am flying solo solo solo solo solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the well uh so okay chat if if if if if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you uh you know know know know know you know like guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight. So okay um okay well first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to okay okay okay okay okay I mean so like talk about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And And And And And honestly, and honestly, and honestly, and honestly, and honestly, we could uh so so so so so um uh have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new new new new new front like uh well you know tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots roots roots roots roots 15 use it to purchase well well um like any apparel from Brandon bills and and and and and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this so well um so episode. It's like like like like like it's not fucking funny. Are you are you are you are you are you you you you you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome you know like I mean you know know know know know back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love I love I love I love I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is this is is is is is this is this is this is Ruth from ACC well I mean you know know know know know I mean media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Pettigrew Pettigrew Pettigrew Pettigrew Gareth okay so like I mean McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and and and and and we going to talk about All Things New you know um uh so Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So you you you you you know um you know okay welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if if if if if that's okay. We've been chatting so okay you know so a fair bit over over over over over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across to uh I I I I I mean so uh cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, um, um, um, um, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, so I was born and raised I I I I I mean um uh you know in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I then I I I I I then I then I then I moved over to New uh like uh like Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Rose eaters eaters eaters eaters eaters in each well well uh well episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain gain gain gain gain valuable insight and learn tools that you like like um uh can apply to to to to to your life to provide hope and help for you or a uh well well well well well okay okay loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional professional professional professional professional counselor and nutrition well um well you know and mindset coach for many years years years years years. I am I am I am I am I am the CBO of an an an an an online counseling and coaching like I mean okay um business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated frustrated frustrated frustrated frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate like uh um okay through tough times times times times times. I love the work that I do so much that so well you know okay okay okay okay okay I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute um um um um um well um uh of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch goonch goonch goonch goonch go to the you know um I mean um podcast where we plan to discuss discuss discuss discuss discuss issues in and around our campus from current I mean uh um um um um um you know social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you you you you you plan uh well you know uh on conducting interviews with guests from both within within within within within and outside of our campus. We like we like we like we like we we we we we like um um like also plan on having discussions and debates on a a a a a Wide range of topics we okay you know I mean you know have have have have have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for I I I I I mean okay like um our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I I I I I hope all this mess okay um you know uh will join us on this this this this this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget I mean I I I I I mean I mean so to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have have have have have something for our I mean so I mean uh listeners as well. We will be be be be be having fun contest for our listeners as well like okay you know like as a few few few few few surprise segments. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope all this mess will join join join join join us on this okay like okay so journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're so so so so so well like I mean well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I I I I I had a moment this like I mean okay I mean week with my coach about about about about about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always it's always it's always it's always it's always really really really really really surprising well you know um like when you think I've got that bit sorted and and and and and I'm always really good you know okay you know well at that and then someone someone someone someone someone asks you a question and you go always like I mean uh you you you you you know like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good good good good good at that so so well I mean so I have been challenged this week and and and and and And it's hard. It's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard it's hard pushing pushing pushing pushing pushing yourself so well okay well through those challenges. It feels it feels it feels it it it it it feels it feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and uh I I I I I mean I mean well you your instinct says right. I need to move away away away away away from this. I don't want uh okay you know well to go there t harv Eker Eker Eker Eker Eker in his book. The millionaire well um I mean I mean mindset says life life life life life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself um you know um so so so so so is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the the the the the I mean um um well moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, super excited about today's podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast before I talk about today's podcast go like okay uh okay to youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom youtubecom. Slash Gary Vee. I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super I'm super fired up up up up up about weekly V O8 I said you know okay um uh last time I promoted weekly weekly weekly weekly weekly be I can't believe the comments people are okay like uh so kind of of of of of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs okay um um um um um uh well and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This well well well well well I mean I mean like weekly be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts action between Damon John um so like like and sampar, then there's a really epic. A A A A A meeting ameeting ameeting ameeting ameeting I had with the okay you know well uh uh uh uh uh Minnesota rocker. That is the team that I own in the Call of uh well well well well well so well Duty League the minority owner along with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota well I mean um I mean rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about about about about about business and operations and marketing you know I mean well so of kind kind kind kind kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's well well well well well you know um you know a really fantastic podcast. I did I did I I I I I did I did I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called um um um um um okay well well mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of of of of of interesting stuff. We got we got we got we got we got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too too too too too good um okay well well at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that that that that that. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted to make you you you you you know so so so this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using using using using using anchor as my platform well like uh you know. Anchor is the easiest way way way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is it is it is it it it it it is it is free totally free I mean uh uh well. Its creation its its its its its creation its creation its creation its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows allows allows allows allows you to record and you know well uh I mean edit your podcast right from from from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast okay okay okay I mean for for for for for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms like I I I I I mean um you know you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership guys so uh so like. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need need need need need to make a podcast in one place, like well um um please download the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to like okay you you you you you know so get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, hey guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back to my I mean you know you you you you you know uh podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you well well well well well well I mean uh follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you you you you you will know that I so I mean um like post regular devotionals in the mornings mornings mornings mornings mornings to encourage us with the word of God um um I mean I mean. And And And And And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at I I I I I mean um you know well real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, that, that, that, that, we'll be using and um I mean um well speaking very specific scriptures that that that that that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind um well like I mean mean mean mean mean this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't can't can't can't can't obviously avoid well uh uh um but we will our mindset that we we we we we would go through it will be different. I uh uh um okay am so convinced and I have have have have have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down so uh well well well well well I mean. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot spot spot spot spot you suspected you know okay uh well of mind has been on the minds to to to to to working for real until right. Now you I mean I mean uh so off social social social social social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch like well well well well well um you know of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just just just just just to you know you know like well like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning beginning beginning beginning beginning I thought I'll take well uh you know okay it back. But then I realize realize realize realize realize it sounds like they really I need to well uh so so eat your because because because because because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, what's up? And welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome and welcome back to the art of cooking cooking cooking cooking cooking babka last so so um like week. I went to Munich and it was was was was was a great weekend. I spend the uh you know you know uh weekend there there there there there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel uh like uh you you you you you know and yeah had a good time in general so good to be be be be be back right now and um so so so let's start off with a brand brand brand brand brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and okay I mean so um he he he he he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the so so so so so well uh so second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president president president president president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you you you you you a quick update like so so well. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able able able able able to make the podcast tonight. I like so I mean so was stuck in Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there um so you know like like like like like was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Parking Parking Parking Parking Wars, like uh I mean well they're not operating on Sundays. So I've I've I've I've I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free well you know so you know know know know know this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, uh uh uh uh uh I mean like um I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a a a a a good time guys and man you know well well well. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod pea pod people engineer Adam here here here here here jumping in for a quick second to let you so well like you know know know know know know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor makes makes makes makes makes okay okay so like it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to to to to to use and has all the um well you know okay creation tools. You You You You You need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer well you you you you you know so you know plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are you know like okay okay found even better Anchor helps you connect connect connect connect connect with sponsors, even if you're just starting so okay um well out. It's the perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to check it out download the the the the the uh you know so so free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F F F F F m-- to get started. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's that's that's that's that's a I mean like I mean you know and C hor dot f m-- back back back back back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw I saw I saw I saw I saw a gator shakes shakes shakes shakes shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks uh like you know like like like like like. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do do do do do a so well you know like feature on a cutting ties song. He's He's He's He's He's the best frontman. He was so like okay okay well good like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was um um um um um uh okay um crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is is is is is fucking Amazing. Yeah, so okay okay so like wife's I keep seeing his picture picture picture picture picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you um so okay um may may may may may know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like you you you you you know you know okay uh hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I think yeah, um well so okay they're at their Christmas show. He He He He He was like have like a sin a coat um like you know uh on on on on on and like the first note of the first song He's already got so so so so so I mean you know like the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic mic mic mic mic stand up here like um like um. Just good just good just good just just just just just good just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that that that that that if like well you know uh you listen to my stuff for free free free free free every single day if you listen to one so um well well of my pieces pieces pieces pieces pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over there's over there's there's there's there's there's over there's over there's over tick um like so I mean like you can can can can can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not like so so so so so so so have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years years years years years Cam Newton okay um like so start listening to me and middle school and and and and and high school. Then he then he then he then he then he went to Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn Auburn well uh uh okay and told the coach to come get me. Then he went went went went went to the pros uh um I mean like and told the coach. I got got got got got to speak after all these kids in well okay uh so the hood who didn't have fathers fathers fathers fathers fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they I mean you know like like like like like like went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to to to to to the NFL. They um like um so took their daddy with them when they became became became became became preachers and start a church when they became like like so well CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been been been been been to the well like so you know station. The senior the last time time time time time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on I mean um well so sensor sensor sensor sensor sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got uh uh uh uh uh got uh got uh got uh got uh um like um a special episode episode episode episode episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I so so well you you you you you know really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say I mean mean mean mean mean um uh well thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA NBA NBA NBA NBA guard and you know so okay well Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app app like so so like today and get access to thousands of free book and audio audio audio audio audio book summaries on like you know uh so personal development productivity business and more listen listen listen listen listen to them while working out or commuting uh uh well well to work and and and and and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of um um so like like like like like hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary Summary Summary Summary Summary of well I mean well you know best job ever by dr. CK Bray written written written written written by Alyssa Burnett and you know so so like quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston Johnston Johnston Johnston Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do well well you know um um um um um for a living do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably so probably probably probably probably probably so probably so probably so probably so I mean so I mean not right right right right right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo sS wo PES my crew my boo boo boo boo boo my we'd be best so ahead of my time you know well well I mean mean mean mean mean. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me me me me me be well so you know I mean stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's uh uh so so nice to to to to to be back again. It is it is it is it is it is is is is is coming up on spring time and I'm um uh so you know excited about about about about about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like like like like like to uh you know I mean well say that I like cold weather, but but but but but I think I like warm every now okay okay like so and then and there's some some some some some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't um so um uh uh uh uh uh quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to like well well well well well uh so for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand understand understand understand understand okay um like uh why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't don't don't don't don't even assume so, so you know uh okay but I'm definitely making a little change change change change change. I would say little I guess so I mean I mean um but but but but but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to emerge today's guest guest guest guest guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you so like like okay who have been been been been been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan well so like um um um um um Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field um um um um um um okay so of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will will will will will be after okay so okay you know listening to this show. We do a kind of of of of of Action to his work an overview you know like you know okay of the the the the the 5 stage model that he created and that has uh like like you know been been been been been studied empirically for the last 40 years. And the reason why I um you you you you you know so so wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, know, know, know, know, he's kind of um okay like I mean a huge inspiration for me but but but but but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for for for for for you. And okay uh I mean well today I want to talk about something something something something something called as Legacy. Now. What do what do what do what do what do we mean mean mean mean mean like you know well um by Legacy? Now? What I what I what I what I I I I I what I know for sure is that people like us, you uh well like um um um um um know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people like like like like like you so well I mean uh people like me people who opted to become become become become become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious um you know I mean okay calling in in in in in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure you uh like like like like like um I mean all were aware of it that we are opting for something something something something something which is a um I mean I mean well tough profession. We all all all all all had our you know, older brother or brother's friend or you know so you know like a a a a a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We went went went went went um um uh um to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV TV TV uh like um um Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This This This This This episode was insane I mean you know like I mean you guys I'm your host host host host host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but uh you know you know know know know know okay we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely co-host a b'nai so um okay so Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things things things things things are up on this episode of Siesta so well um like Key up and and and and and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so um I mean like well well well well well many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this so so so so so um okay like episode opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It It It It It was interesting seeing uh um well you know is back in town. He's back back back back back he's back he's back he's back he's back for a little bit unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately has to go I mean like uh I mean out to Canada for another few few few few few months. I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? that that that that You need um um okay okay me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling telling telling telling telling you you have to really like um uh I mean focus on. Not Not Not Not Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's good like um okay okay okay okay okay so to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great the great the great the great the great doll clothes everywhere both to the the the the the left and to the right it okay so like I mean loves and and and and and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished uh uh uh uh uh well you know like it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome you to another episode of well uh I mean well the real you a a a a a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind taking like okay you you you you you know um care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My My My My My uh well uh um name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be be be be be your guides the real you know so you know you know you. And today and and and and and today and today and today and today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be be be be be helping each uh like uh so other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset mindset mindset mindset mindset by understanding the power of why okay like um well why is the the the the the foundation that will keep you going when you want to okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay so quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm uh uh uh uh uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh you know I mean you know know know know know host Simon Whistler. This is this is this is this is this is the the the the the audio version of our video show on okay I mean so uh YouTube. If If If If If you if you if you if you if you want to go look it it it it it up there and see the video so okay uh like version of these you can do do do do do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head I mean so so I mean mean mean mean mean over to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us so so so so so okay okay uh a review. It would be kind of you and let's get get get get get into it. Hello um I mean um uh. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the video today, today, today, today, today, we're looking at okay like uh you know the top 10 horrifying facts facts facts facts facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the uh well uh I mean mean mean mean mean mafia in America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to to to to to thanks to thanks to thanks to thanks to a you know um I mean you know know know know know combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these okay okay okay okay okay well uh I mean Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in in in in in the United um I mean um you know States. They are far from the the the the the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a I I I I I mean okay so so virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue virtue virtue virtue virtue of the other person so like so you know. Welcome to the university Catholic. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to the podcast. My name is is is is is nacho. I'm um uh like so Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about about about about about friendships for filing the kind of so okay um like pattern that we've had two weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last like um um you know week we talked talked talked talked talked about it. Chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and chastity and this week we're we're we're we're we're talking about friendships and next I mean I mean um so week. We're talking about a surprise surprise surprise surprise surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I so okay like um believe you have have have have have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast well so so so so so well so with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you thank you thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you guys so much for tuning okay like I mean mean mean mean mean like in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why why why why why I mean like you know uh when and how of this podcast. So So So So So before you decide to listen to me, let me um like well like like like like like at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about about about about about like you know so um 5 years now. I've worked in many different places places places places places. I started off at a nursing home okay well um uh from there. I I I I I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New York so I mean mean mean mean mean you know so Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, World, World, World, World, which is really I mean I mean I mean like where I wanted to be be be be be I was able to sit with people for longer periods of like um I mean mean mean mean mean I mean time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able to see see see see see each like um I mean uh other for a bit more than five or or or or or ten minutes and you're working in like you know like like the clinical setting you're you're you're you're you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The so the so the the the the the so the so the so okay well I mean patients are really tired at this this this this this point because they've been here for a while and like well uh uh then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This This This This This so like like like is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and I'm here with my to um you know uh well co-host a one of of of of of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll you know well well well well well uh well let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself yourself yourself yourself yourself first you know so well I mean. Wait, I wait, I wait, I wait, I I I I I wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you you you you you had to okay so um you know co-host and one of them couldn't make it it it it it. Yes one yes one yes one yes one yes one of us like you you you you you know well I mean the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both both both both both your co-host your math I mean I mean like okay isn't working here here here here here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading so so so so so um so I mean and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives lives lives lives lives for so okay I mean um it. I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm Marcy I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Marcy I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is is is is is to so I mean uh like help women read more and read well and also also also also also to encourage us to make time um I mean uh uh for leisure friendship and and and and and literature to view our booklets or join a like um I mean like group group group group group near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors I I I I I mean um you know okay of well-read Mom. Thank you thank you thank you you you you you thank you thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited we're excited we're we're we're we're we're excited we're excited we're excited to you know uh I mean uh delve into into into into into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so like uh you know know know know know I mean we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members members members members members this uh uh well okay year and some of our leaders was can can can can can you help me understand the membership terms okay um uh um meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and so so so so so well I mean I mean bhavana. We're both we're both we're both we're both we're we're we're we're we're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best best best best best you know uh okay well friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have have have have have our own well you know I mean uh take on every situation and we're we're we're we're we're here coming at you live from poojas basement well uh like like. We're not live. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement so I mean like I I I I I mean door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope we hope we hope hope hope hope hope we hope we hope you enjoy this episode of you know so you know know know know know well tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third third third third third episode of PB like um I mean well and chill in this episode. We are going going going going going to be talking about the necessity of well um okay you know romantic relationships in in in in in college. The reason the reason the reason the reason the reason I want to do do do do do this particular episode is because okay I mean I mean so I had a dream I I I I I literally had a had a dream where I was uh um like uh doing this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first first first first first episode in a series uh okay well you know is one that I consider consider consider consider consider really foundational as you know, my goal with pondering purple is I mean okay okay I I I I I mean to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better understand understand understand understand understand the so well I mean um complexities that drive us the gifts and and and and and the challenges the joys and the frustrations like you know I mean so of of of of of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there ain't there there there there there ain't there ain't there ain't there like you know so I mean was a time time time time time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing okay um um um um um um well up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and and and and and the so so well uh hard then I went to a school for missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries missionaries kids in Germany when I was so I mean so you know in ninth grade, and and and and and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I so uh so like hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me my my my my my I mean so you know uh friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar similar similar similar similar traits. That's where that's where that's where that's where that's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The The The The The so you know well well knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in in in in in four key so well well um areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving improving improving improving improving your relationships. And of uh like so okay course re attracting your eggs available now now now now now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there uh uh you know uh. I'm coach I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to be talking to you so so like so about am I dating an avoidant? avoidant avoidant avoidant avoidant Okay, so I know there are lots of new I mean uh so uh people people people people people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information information information information information I mean so well well can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into into into into into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and and and and and like you know I mean so Ashlee of the - Lee's we are are are are are on a high right now. We just filmed so I mean like um one podcast with with with with with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from like like like like like uh uh um taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on on on on on this podcast. So that's I mean I mean uh like going to be on big little little little little little life right now. We have we have we have we have we have all of of of of of your I mean I mean um okay emails. We're just going to go through them answer answer answer answer answer them with our heart. I'm really well uh um uh trying to answer answer answer answer answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal people I I I I I mean so you know so. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're we're we're we're we're just going to tell you what so so um um we would hope that we we we we we would do in these situations. We would hope that we would well like well okay okay okay okay okay do and will also tell you what we have done which was probably probably probably probably probably what like I mean you know you know we hoped. We wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've we've we've we've we've learned in marriage therapy and books okay so uh um and all that good stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started uh I mean uh so by do do do do do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey hey hey hey hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand you know know know know know uh like well new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over over over over over until then there's I mean um like well another show that I think you'll really like like like like like. It's called love letters and it's one like uh I mean uh of of of of of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist for so well um uh uh uh uh uh the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question about I mean mean mean mean mean well I mean well relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question question question question question in the well um well so episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells tells tells tells tells the story of a single mom trying okay you know like okay to figure out out out out out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's you she's you you you you you she's you she's you she's you know well um like dating if if if if if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters okay I I I I I mean well I mean on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am I am I am I am am am am am I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury okay like um okay research and and and and and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular so you know know know know know well you know basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot escape from the uh um like like covid-19 related upheavals and we we we we we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in uh so well like terms of of of of of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different like well well well well well so I mean parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index index index index index it now I mean uh well um stands at extreme risk of level and three three three three three interesting things about how risk sentiment has um you know um okay evolved to to to to to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's I just want want want want want to say thank you. If you're if you're if you're if you're if if if if if you're tuning in and you're uh well um um hearing this, thank you. That means means means means means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there well uh like well. Today's Wednesday the the the the the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to my well well well well well well you know okay first podcast. My first guest is going to be my my my my my home gym ball good dude, okay well uh um old-school graffiti artist from the streets streets streets streets streets to kind of group grew up a like you know so so lot lot lot lot lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode uh um um um um um like well 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, all all all all all right, all right, all right, all right, if you're listening, um well uh so so so so so thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show show show show show so so so so number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Javi. Gee, um gee, um gee, um gee, um gee, um I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your your your your your uh okay so okay host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be so so okay well real what a joke joke joke joke joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk talk talk talk talk about I mean so well okay funny. It's let's it's let's it's let's it's let's let's let's let's let's it's let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some well well well well well I mean uh I mean stuff. See what makes them tick how they got to to to to to where they are. Today. Today's so well uh like gas is going to take you you you you you back to school. So take out a pen and paper you know so um um um um um like take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with with with with with door-to-door solar so I mean you know um Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is is is is is a beast many of try to compete with her like so um you know. Short Short Short Short Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed uh uh uh uh uh you know uh uh on the outside. I was I was I was I was was was was was I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman uh well well well well well uh well with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that that that that that I didn't make okay like like well because of my fear was all all all all all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome okay welcome okay welcome okay okay okay okay okay welcome okay welcome okay um like like everyone. My name my name my my my my my name my name my name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding finding finding finding finding perspective podcast where we uh well so like share stories and get into deep conversation conversation conversation conversation conversation with the intent of educating our listeners to new I mean like you know I I I I I mean insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and and and and and okay um well like should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice advice advice advice advice all opinions expressed well I mean like I mean by podcast participants are solely their own opinions opinions opinions opinions opinions and do not necessarily reflect the so you know like like opinions of RCM Alternatives their their their their their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations well okay uh so participants on this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference uh okay okay well well well well well pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and and and and and you know um I mean like other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of of of of of substantial losses as such they um I mean you know um are not suitable for for for for for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into so so so so so um you know uh what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge hedge hedge hedge hedge fund managers and chat like I mean uh like with interesting guests from across across across across across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the the the the the pulse um you know okay I mean podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most Most Most Most Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of Haven I mean okay I mean like like like like like and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture capture capture capture capture like you know well you know the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Business Business Business Business Leaders and others across the so uh well like Healthcare Community. We are super super super super super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is okay like you know I mean mean mean mean mean a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data you you you you you know I mean okay uh science people and design thinking seeking to improve improve improve improve improve the Healthcare System. You like um well you know have had an impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you can you can you can you can can can can can you give us a brief well okay uh okay summary of your career career career career career path today? And what were the key career Transitions I mean like okay you know and and and and and decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast you know so uh well is all about life and all things that comes comes comes comes comes with it. This is a okay so okay um safe space to be vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita so so well so join me in rediscovered rediscovered rediscovered rediscovered rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to um so so like like like like like love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be be be be be all I mean I mean like okay about all kinds of love. The love we have have have have have for ourselves hashtag self well well like so love and the love we have for for for for for friends and the love we have for a significant other uh you know like like like like like okay and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not okay okay okay okay okay I mean uh I mean forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want we want want want want want we want we want we want love to be and well so uh so you would would would would would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to to to to to like well um I mean a physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is is is is is the word tantamount okay like like so spelled ta n ta M. OU NT NT NT NT NT. It is it is it is it is it is an adjective meaning equivalent as as as as as so uh like well in value Force effect or signification used in a a a a a sentence. His angry speech well like I mean you know was tantamount to a a a a a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM I mean okay okay okay okay okay like okay translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused confused confused confused confused with the well so um um similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief and importance are impact supreme you know well you know um or preeminent as as as as as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both however, both however, both both both both both however, both however, both tantamount like um uh so and Paramount can be traced all all all all all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up uh you know you know okay okay okay okay okay to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first you know know know know know I mean um um official episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're we're we're we're we're going to have some chat I mean uh like you know members on we're going going going going going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going it's going it's going going going going going it's going it's going so like I mean you know down soon. You know what it it it it it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got uh uh okay um a a a a a couple co-host with me guys. If you if you if you if you if you could could could could could go ahead and just mention yourselves I mean um um I mean real quick quick quick quick quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a it's a it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a Garret everything you know um well I mean UFC on on on on on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA so you know okay okay okay okay okay I mean AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card card card card card. Wow. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter but chapter but chapter but chapter but chapter we on. So what was was was was was the first task you remember because of so I mean like um the heart heart heart heart heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going well well well well well um um um to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use use use use use their wit's This so uh uh uh is one of the track chapter 18 18 18 18 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry um I mean well you know woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So So So So So I well so well you know made a post the other day about the you you you you you know, I even made a uh um you know okay podcast it was was was was was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe I mean so well well well well well um but about you know, your gym not being the best best best best best our today, you know, I you know like I mean well think it should be more more more more more of a pillar of the schedule and I made um um I mean okay this this this this this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups you you you you you know so okay okay. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was was was was was mixed and uh okay uh so one individual this Rob he owns owns owns owns owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise so uh I mean okay again again again again again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me uh so so so so so so I mean a DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't I don't I don't agree. I so um you know you know know know know know think this argument is pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do so um um um um um like you know both like and he just didn't agree with it which was but but but but but he reached out well you know so like to me and show me a DM DM DM DM DM and I do what I typically like you know um I mean do when when when when when I hit him with an audio message and explain my position and okay you know know know know know so uh you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few well well well well well uh like like audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th december 7th december 7th december 7th december 7th 2003 subject he has been been been been been prepped once again for service today. You're you know well you know so going to find find find find find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and like uh so uh uh uh uh uh we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own uh uh uh uh uh um okay so podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One One One One One Stop Shop for so well you know you know creating your own podcast. It's It's It's It's It's free. It allows it allows it allows it allows it allows you to record and and and and and edit your like okay you know okay podcast right from your phone or your your your your your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most okay I mean well okay major podcast platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms. And finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, and finally, it gives you an an an an an opportunity to monetize your podcast you know uh you know you know. So if podcast or or or or or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app you know you know know know know know you know okay or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back back back back back. So been I mean um so so a couple days since I did my my my my my last podcast as well as my okay okay well you know last, you know update on on on on on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind like you know okay uh of of of of of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could okay okay okay okay okay okay you know uh almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way way way way way since um um you know you know you know, January 21st, when I kind of of of of of first started talking about it and so you know I mean I mean you know know know know know and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms balms balms balms balms like uh so uh beard care and much much more all of their products are natural natural natural natural natural wholesome and prayerfully like like okay uh designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote I mean you know know know know know um like prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire entire entire entire entire order like so um you know use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please and please please please please please and please and please and please check out the link in the show like like like like like like okay like notes. Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode is all all all all all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent uh okay um okay we can't recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you um I I I I I mean uh I mean meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online online online online online and at your own you know well well like pace and you can find the the the the the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and um okay I mean you know know know know know 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if hello, if hello, if hello, if hello, if you haven't heard about the the the the the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast um well uh um. Let Let Let Let Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is so so so so so so okay like a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from uh so uh you know your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So it can um so um okay be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and and and and and many others. Fourth you can easily make money so I mean I mean mean mean mean mean okay with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank uh okay you know uh you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for for for for for any small business thinking of you know I mean I mean you know funding funding funding funding funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise raise raise raise raise okay uh well um the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch watch watch watch watch even one uh uh I mean um episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife okay I mean mean mean mean mean well like show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have I have I I I I I have I have I have nobody on this podcast and there's you you you you you know um well um a good reason for it. I also just want to to to to to say if the sound quality well okay uh you know sound slightly different. I I I I I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is because so I mean you you you you you know well I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole whole whole whole whole life so well I mean like up not thinking that I needed me. Fines Fines Fines Fines Fines and fines and fines and fines and fines and I'm in the middle of of of of of you know like like um a hotel because I also started a new job last last last last last week. And yeah, it's all okay well uh um decided to come at once. But But But But But the reason I actually chose to do uh well okay uh this podcast and do do do do do this by myself is because it's something that I want um well okay so to to to to to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once so I mean mean mean mean mean well so to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council Council Council Council Council for um you know uh you know more information about the British Council or the language language language language language assistance program, please visit British I mean you know okay you know Council dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance um so like like podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program program program program program and you know I mean uh so Beyond today. I'm joined I'm joined I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British British British British British Council colleagues from different uh uh um okay teams programs and countries, although from different departments departments departments departments departments. We are all linked to the language I mean okay okay I mean assistance assistance assistance assistance assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on I mean um um um um um um okay the team. So to so to so to so to so to start start start start start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and well well um I I I I I mean what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina Kina Kina Kina Kina uh I mean well okay. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on on on on on you know um uh okay patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to to to to to report that my podcast is now hosted like I mean well uh on on on on on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make well um uh uh uh uh uh um podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows so um okay like you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or well okay so um computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it so it so it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple um you you you you you know I mean well podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to to to to to start monetizing your I mean I mean uh uh podcast anchor Make Make Make Make Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything everything everything it's everything you need to make like uh you know so a podcast in in in in in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the uh so okay well free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get get get get get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez you you you you you know well so I mean for the on the gun line podcast and you're you're you're you're you're listening to the midweek um well like so memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping dropping dropping dropping dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out like so okay I mean. I fucked up this this this this this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night um like well um um um um um last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have okay okay okay okay okay well I mean okay enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used used used used used to kind of um like like you know ran out of time. So now I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light okay okay like well my my my my my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your host every night okay um um um and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about I mean mean mean mean mean um um I mean 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell hell hell hell hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what you know okay so um it is is it it it it it is the situation where if you buy an existing property so um so so so so so you know you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a a a a a new row um uh uh so for Is significant expense on the hot hot hot hot hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or I mean so um um rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget budget budget budget budget uh uh so well for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs needs needs needs needs to happen if um like I mean I mean every couple of months, so I not not not not not months every couple of decades and this well like well um is actually a concept that that that that that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are are are are are back it you know so so I mean is nearly 2 p.m. And I I I I I am still in my pajamas that is not I mean you know uh like like like like like on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I like like like like like you know you know I mean have been working really really hard today been editing editing editing editing editing some stuff right now sweet bear you know I mean you know okay and I I I I I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends I mean like uh I I I I I mean coming down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one one one one one of our good friends well um okay so. It's her birthday and so will will will will will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and well um well you you you you you know some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so so so so so today was well um um I mean like my big day to kind of of of of of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug so uh you know uh uh uh uh uh a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our uh okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two one two one two one two one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka Tameka Tameka Tameka Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited okay um uh uh to finally finally finally finally finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I I I I I like well okay uh have truly wanted to do this. God has put it it it it it down in my spirit I mean so like you know to do it. But But But But But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series series series um like uh well. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in in in in in four key like okay you know um areas retaining the information that I teach personal personal personal personal personal growth improving your relationships. And of and of and of and of and of course uh uh uh uh uh uh um I mean re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet dotnet Hi there. I'm coach so well okay well Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today today today today today we're going to be talking like you know okay well about soul mates. So So So So So some of you guys out there believe in uh uh I mean well soul mates mates mates mates mates. Some of some of some of some of some of you don't some some some some some of you guys have this idea of like uh I mean so so a a a a a twin flame some of you don't but today we're going to look at soul uh uh uh uh uh uh so so mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 29 29 29 29 like well um uh and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic Olympic Olympic Olympic Olympic trials debrief. And then we're going okay you know uh okay to do a little little little little little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope okay I mean I I I I I mean I mean you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where where where where where you are just like like so well moments before coming into my garage garage garage garage garage to record this for y'all. I was out in the so uh okay okay okay okay okay uh sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's well well well well well so like I mean actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk talk talk talk talk about today so I mean okay um. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels feels feels feels feels the so okay so like best right after the winter time. Right? Like right right right right right when you've endured like those I mean uh I mean well freezing cold days freezing freezing freezing freezing freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're I mean okay so so so so so so just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you do you do you do you do you love horror? Do you love love love love love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course of course of course of course course course course course of course you like I mean you know like do. That's why that's why that's that's that's that's that's why that's why that's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own own own own own I mean you know um well horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send send send send send out into the like so well I mean world. There's a new all-in-one platform platform platform platform platform for you. It's called anchor it's so so like like the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools you know um um um um um uh okay. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or computer well um okay like and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you you you you you that way it gets on Apple you know so like uh or Spotify or everywhere else else else else else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make you know okay okay you know know know know know a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download download download download download the free so well um okay anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith okay like like like like like I mean I mean for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need need need need need you to sit down and um like um um buckle up because we're flipping tables tables tables tables tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome um well uh like to to to to to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today like like like like like like uh I mean. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how how how how how the other Dem candidates are like well um you know falling in line because they're they're they're they're they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that so okay so I I I I I mean we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, segment, segment, segment, segment, we're I mean I mean okay uh going to end talking about super Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all I mean like I mean you know just just just just just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever there's ever there's ever there's there's there's there's there's ever there's ever anything that you want to so uh so um hear on an an an an an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are are are are are you? um okay okay well All doing today? I've had a good day day day day day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been like well uh um a good day day day day day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually but actually but actually but actually but actually I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to schedule this like like I mean uh episode. So I'll record it it it it it and then I'll save it to come out so okay okay like later because I will will will will will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening I mean okay okay okay okay okay so okay before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation vacation vacation vacation vacation in Hawaii while okay I mean okay so I still am when I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this I mean mean mean mean mean okay like so one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be be be be be on an well uh you know uh airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees I I I I I mean I mean well I mean trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request request request request request someone treat and so on Essentials I mean I mean like you know biodiversity. Those Those Those Those Those are those are those are those are those are what some people think think think think think about Forest, but do we really know you know so okay um about about about about about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your well well well well well so uh well hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph graph graph graph graph. When we um you know you know I mean hear the word science, we we we we we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem uh um like so solving solving solving solving solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science so um um um um um like I mean of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities communities communities communities communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one uh uh uh uh uh okay I mean you know place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a a a a a violent wind came from heaven and filled um okay like uh the whole house house house house house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues of uh so I I I I I mean you know fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All All All All All of them you know so um uh were filled with the Holy Spirit and began began began began began. To speak in other tongues as the uh I mean so um spirit enabled them them them them them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by like like like like like well I mean well surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend Legend Legend Legend Legend anymore. Yeah, like so okay I mean um I always thought that was like a a a a a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder I mean um well you know know know know know exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm fucking I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm fucking I'm fucking ready for it. Dude I dude I dude I dude I I I I I dude I mean so I mean uh. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we we we we we pull up I order I was like, I mean you know um um oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount uh uh uh uh uh uh so I mean of times. You've guys you've guys you've guys you've guys you've you've you've you've you've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit um like okay okay okay okay okay like and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it it it it it was so uh well you know french fries. They are they are they are are are are are they are they are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason reason reason reason reason people and um uh okay um I don't appreciate what you're doing to me me me me me. It's actually upsetting. It's very it's very it's very it's very it's very fitting fitting fitting fitting fitting we okay you know I mean like feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I youth I youth I youth youth youth youth youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is well well you know well based based based based based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing well well well well well well so okay House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries Ministries I mean um um okay to see you grow in your personal relationship with with with with with Jesus Christ through your daily time um like so well with him. Remember your your your your your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission you know like so um um um um um today will be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to uh uh uh uh uh uh well you know Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small small small small small thing to okay well uh so you that the god of Israel has separated you you you you you from the congregation of Israel to uh I mean you know okay bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you did you did you did you you you you you did you know the average Americans behind well okay you know I I I I I mean on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save save save save save and invest enough I mean I mean um okay to become financially independent. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here to show you through my own experience you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay well exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on on on on on okay I mean I mean so or before the age of 65 from age 90 90 90 90 90. In 228 Kayla and I have been you know uh you know like married for for for for for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no student so so so so so I mean okay so loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over over over over over a hundred and I mean um I mean um thirty thousand dollars a year year year year year. We both want to invite you to fire the familycom okay okay well like like like like like. Where we have free tools and resources that you can use to get started on your your your your your okay well okay so financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come come come come come from uh uh uh uh. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx cnx cnx cnx cnx. The creative the creative the creative the creative the creative agency accounting Nest Nest Nest Nest Nest. Our okay okay I mean okay aim is to talk to creative people in in in in in advertising media publishing technology education and more I mean well like so the ideation process process process process process can be a little bit of a black box to those of like like like like like I mean you know so us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope hope hope hope hope these conversations can shed some light on okay uh um you know that as work becomes more more more more more D industrialized and more service-based more and more of us um you know I I I I I mean well are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is is is is is that like okay well I mean by talking to people who work daily with incorporate incorporate incorporate incorporate incorporate constraints and still managed to be consistently creative um so um you know the rest rest rest rest rest of us can learn how to tap into our own creative sides the idea for for for for for uh you know well okay doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how Conde Conde Conde Conde Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy you know I mean well well. You are of course listening in with the big big big big big man the force and I'm so I mean um uh like glad to finally finally finally finally finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the um so uh uh uh uh uh like flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel I I I I I feel I feel I feel I feel so you know I mean well like I've caught caught caught caught caught the white whale and I finally got every in the uh you know you you you you you know like in the podcast with us. So well, so well, so well, so so so so so well, so well, thank you. So good to finally have like well so so so so so so you alone? How many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I think think think think think I think I think I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need like um you you you you you know you know more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the the the the the gospel and holding so well well well fast to the Traditions passed down to to to to to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing okay um you know um unfolding before our our our our our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and you know like like like like like uh like an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m m m m m is a great you know okay like um podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to I mean um you know uh make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me explain it's free free free free free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow you you you you you I mean you know you know you know to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will okay okay well like distribute your your your your your podcast for you. So it so it so it so it so it can can can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more um like so I mean you you you you you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's uh so so so so so I mean uh everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if if if if if you're interested uh okay like well download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want well well okay okay okay okay okay well to take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link link link link link and I'm uh well like well having a good time doing these because my goal goal goal goal goal is to put the truth I mean uh I mean okay out there to debunk some some some some some myths to give some guidance to first timers or like like okay okay those who were were were were were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on well well well well well you know I mean like how to handle things. And simply to make it it it it it an easier process for you I mean so like like. Today is going to be be be be be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but uh um well okay just laying laying laying laying laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as well okay okay okay okay okay uh uh you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of of of of of a diet or even I mean you know okay like a contest prep and and and and and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to to to to to talk about anchor why because like well uh so it's the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's okay it's okay it's okay okay okay okay okay it's okay it's okay so okay um free. It's free. I could stop there there there there there. But let's go on there's creation tools so like I mean you know that that that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer I I I I I mean so like you know. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can so can can can can can so can so can so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast well well well well well you know so you know and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is on. I've never heard of like okay you know okay thanks. Anchor you you you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's I mean you know know know know know um like everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a a a a a lot um I mean so you know can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor you know okay uh you know know know know know download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get get get started today like so okay well. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True True True True True like like you know okay Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel Ariel Ariel Ariel Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for for for for for joining you know like you know I mean us. We can't wait to to to to to share the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back welcome back welcome back I mean um um you know listeners. Hey y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, well, well, well, well, I mean I mean like well there's many things but one of the one one one one one of them that bothers me that well um well well the kids do would be standing standing standing standing standing or walking on the couch. There's six there's six there's six there's six there's there's there's there's there's six well I mean well um of us in this household and this couch couch couch couch couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a well like uh okay couch not not not not not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance well like um um um um um like on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for it's for it's for for for for for it's for it's for sitting that's it. So when well like like like like like well well you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but but but but but they just you know you know okay like can't help themselves, but do a little little little little little Skipper. Ooh on ooh on ooh on ooh on ooh on the couch, but when I I I I I mean okay um uh you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, welcome to another edition edition edition edition edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was by I mean like like like like like I mean I mean your boy Mac. Now you now you now you now now now now now you now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody you you you you you know I mean well okay for taking the time out to listen to the Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody so uh um okay out there. You already already already already already know man, you're we just out here trying to I mean you know you you you you you know I mean teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, No, No, No, No, so so um like we have a few subject we go get into into into into into today and talk about it discussion you know um so like. You know, first first first first first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right well I mean mean mean mean mean uh like now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long long long long long ago I mean so you know um. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host development like well uh okay Ronnie. I I I I I am I am I am I am I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, sister-in-law, sister-in-law, sister-in-law, sister-in-law, which is I mean uh I mean um a platform dedicated to empowering women through through through through through legal education. Thank you for joining me for like like uh like the first ever episode episode episode episode episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling you know I mean well well well well well okay Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique boutique boutique boutique boutique investment um so you know you know and Alton see company based in sandton. She's She's She's She's She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's you know well so I mean day-to-day duties and and and and and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as so um you know know know know know you know attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur co-founder like so well so of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your we're your your your your your we're your we're your we're your hosts well uh okay I mean. I'm Abby Abby Abby Abby Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to to to to to be telling you about The you know you know like um Disappearance and murder of of of of of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of um I mean mean mean mean mean like like espresso and let's Dive In. Dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James dorothy James James James James James dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California okay like well uh uh uh uh uh at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980 1980 1980 1980 1980. Dorothy well um well like is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father father father father father. Dennis is not in the picture um you know so well and he actually lives in in in in in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that well well well well well I mean you know I mean we ask all our guest speakers. So number number number number number one, what are three words that um I mean um okay you would use to to to to to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it uh well okay uh down to to to to to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad I mean mean mean mean mean you know well okay joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I I I I I can't see what happens if I so I mean you know uh responded responded responded responded responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His His His His His um so I mean I mean baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first first first first first word was Data I so you know um I mean tried. And what what what what what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything okay okay okay okay okay well uh um is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we before we before we before we before we kick off today's episode of of of of of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you know I mean okay I mean you you you you you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of okay I I I I I mean you know I mean your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for that's for for for for for that's for that's for that's for free Hallelujah. No you know um like um um um um um premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the the the the the one um well uh well you're listening to right now and you can follow those those those those those podcast. So you never um I mean well like miss an episode you can share what what what what what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And so um like like if you are a premium premium premium premium premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter okay so uh you know where where where where where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download I mean mean mean mean mean like like uh the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in in in in in the your library well like like um Tab and give us a follow. So So So So So you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode speaking speaking speaking speaking speaking of which let's you know like you know you know see what we've got got got got got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and okay okay okay okay okay well I mean uh shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot lot lot lot lot of um um uh um them out there. But me I'm stick to the the the the the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head you know so I mean okay. 60-minute IP's, that's that's that's that's that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid you know um I I I I I mean uh swords from the jizya. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your host well um um um um um um like old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to on the spot the podcast where where where where where no question is off the okay uh I mean okay table each week. We invite invite invite invite invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese uh like like um posing the questions questions questions questions questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to to to to to you know so so well safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to to to to to put the mare in you know um you know like the hot seat. My name is is is is is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism like uh so okay at the University University University University University of the west of England. My name my name my name my name my name is Simon Simon Simon Simon Simon white. I'm studying media uh uh uh like and journalism at you as well. And And And And And I'm in the second year. What is the impact um uh uh well of the the the the the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from like so uh I I I I I mean what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't hasn't hasn't hasn't hasn't I mean uh um well necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive proactive proactive proactive proactive. I'm reaching uh like um well out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Monique Monique Monique Monique Joven I mean you know so well. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach coach coach coach coach and this podcast is all about so so you know so Hope and Recovery Recovery Recovery Recovery Recovery. Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, welcome back to the the the the the podcast. I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really I'm really looking forward um like like like like like okay uh to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We We We We We were talking okay like I mean like about relationships and when we're in relationships relationships relationships relationships relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand you know I mean you know know know know know well what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex complex complex complex complex trauma and uh um uh well the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to to to to to start us you know like like you know off with our new podcast. We We We We We will we will we will we will we will have Kim's calendar. So before we we we we we move on so uh um um to some of the events that are happening, happening, happening, happening, happening, I think maybe we should talk about mu uh okay like okay n that that that that that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you were so well well well well well well so I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so so so so so there so um I mean um was a an M un conference in in in in in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday I mean so okay um um um um um the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un un un un un like um you know you know conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Sheena Sheena Sheena Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our you know you know like like like like like uh country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I so I so so so so so I so I so I was very great at um like like okay such a a a a a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name my name my name my name my my my my my name is Lindsey Devon. I am I am I am I am I am professor emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus emeritus of uh so so okay Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South South South South South Carolina in Charleston. I also served uh you know okay you know as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy pharmacotherapy pharmacotherapy pharmacotherapy pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy okay like okay okay okay okay okay well. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for for for for for all. Become I mean well I mean I mean an over the counter medication medication medication medication medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical you know okay well well well well well well pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that that that that that um um you know I mean I have. Um, I'm um, I'm um, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm um, I'm um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and um I mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay how you doing? I'm good how happy happy March March March March March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla you'll Marilla I mean okay well well well well well I mean marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday. Yeah. I so I so I so I so I so so like like like like like like felt really stupid because I had to ask you a question about leap leap leap leap leap year. What well okay so you know did you ask me to remember? We're We're We're We're We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew so I mean you know uh up up up up up with the kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased you know well well well well well so well that he had his dad was only like 14 or whatever. I I I I I literally never thought of um you know I mean uh that once that's interesting and and and and and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how like okay uh I mean old old old old old you are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it like okay okay okay okay okay uh like on the 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. That's it's really well well uh like weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I I I I I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought you well um well I I I I I mean were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know like like like like like well you know I mean you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here here here here here. Yeah, I guess like um you know um we'll guess we can use it like like like like like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, you anyways, you anyways, you anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, anyways, you anyways, you know so like uh yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of of of of of this podcast again? Just like um well uh the tea podcast just to see what what what what what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's okay okay well you know two guys guys guys guys guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I um uh you know like like coffee. So So So So So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee okay I I I I I mean you know um that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites favorites favorites favorites favorites. Probably okay you know okay like Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I mean, mean, mean, mean, mean, I mean, I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's uh uh uh uh uh uh so so pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for for for for for coffee? I truly I mean you know okay uh like espresso espresso. I make sense sense sense sense sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if uh well well I mean it's it's it's it's it's just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I like like like like like well so uh don't know I do call coffee. I was I was I was I I I I I was I was like why not we can call it I mean well like like like like like like just the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I you you you you you know like uh you know wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 1 1 1 1 the entire book of Romans so uh uh well is jam-packed with Theology Theology Theology Theology Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that ders that ders that ders ders ders ders ders that ders that uh well okay well people quote all the time and Romans Romans Romans Romans Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 okay so uh like we're dealing dealing dealing dealing dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the you know well I mean I mean mean mean mean mean question of is the law of God really written on the human heart no no no no no matter well so I mean well where they're at. No matter where they've grown up up up up up or what they've heard all their like well like so lives and it's an incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible chapter it lists out all the ways um you know um so that that that that that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk so um so so and and and and and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was was was was was there you know uh um like and I am also here we are three and and and and and one after a decisive victory uh okay like uh over the Seattle dragons on on on on on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it was going well well you you you you you know like to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know know know know know about that line and so like uh well how it moved over the the the the the past past few days before the game started. I talked like uh well um um um um um myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread spread spread spread spread of the so okay like you know plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope like like like like like well like well. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and and and and and I cannot so I mean okay you know express to you how stinking excited I am am am am am to share the next few episodes with you know so uh uh you. I'm sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And And And And And we're talking mental health well so uh well. This is this is this is is is is is this is this is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship friendship friendship friendship friendship as we talk like like uh um about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've we've we've we've we've had. But it's crucial. We like you know you know you know felt like it it it it it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health so uh uh uh uh uh uh um the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire entire entire entire entire um um okay um session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is is is is is broken or something happened and like I mean you know well we couldn't agree agree agree agree agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it like so so so so so like I mean onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little little little little little better at things I mean I mean I mean so like clicks. Yeah, and and and and and so we don't know if this is recording actually has um uh well you you you you you know any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you you you you you still uh you know um well enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're we're we're we're we're families to feed. Let's roll let's roll let's roll let's roll let's roll um um um um um um um um onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a a a a a world where two boys talk you know uh you know you know about things things things things things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of of of of of you know so so uh getting in there. Most of you are are are are are great and amazing you just lack the well uh uh you know tools and and and and and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired well okay okay okay okay okay so well. I am one of the few people in this world who got got got got got hired twice by McKinsey. So I mean well uh uh I Ali know how how how how how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to well you know um you know share with you what I've learned in in in in in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years well um well like as a a a a a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and I mean mean mean mean mean I mean well you know once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually actually actually actually actually a very cool bunch of like um uh I mean people are putting the the the the the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act act act act act I mean I mean so you know together before the work week. It includes includes includes includes includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off like um well so so so so so on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that that that that that you know uh well so we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy busy busy busy busy but Sunday, especially given against okay so um like towards the evening as like like like like like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs um well well I mean to be be be be be done for tomorrow? Get your get your get your get your get your clothes out out out out out clean your rooms. Let's start let's start let's start let's start let's start uh you you you you you know so uh packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to to to to to work I mean um I mean okay and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my my my my my kids at this time because it's a well so uh well i you guys. I I I I I know I know I know I know I know that school is your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite. You guys can't even wait you know like like so to go back and and and and and like know I hate school. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't think think think think think they um so like okay really do like I think they like to see their friends friends friends friends friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the like like like like like um okay you know definite article in this video. Now. If you guys did did did did did not watch my other video about the I mean I mean uh you know indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in English English English English English I mean well um okay. We have three articles. I know that there are some some some some some languages like Russian. I so well like so want to say Japanese that that that that that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English so so okay well well well well well articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I think so um um um um um I mean I mean three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for for for for for myself as an okay like you know uh English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor. It's literally you know well uh you know the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. We use we use we use we use we use it for casual poor and and and and and uh well like well we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell tell tell tell tell the people I anchor so I mean so you know so great one. It's free free free free free love free big plus when it's free to you can only I mean so so so so so um like record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to to to to to Anchor, like like okay like but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the the the the the streaming platforms that apple pie. It you know so um I mean cast Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be I mean you you you you you know um you know short and on top of that you can even make make make make make money off of uh um I mean so this app. So it's free and you you you you you can make money. Yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's yes, it's free so like like like like like you know like and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the the the the the right you know so so you know sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount amount amount amount amount of listeners required super simple to so okay uh well get started. Just go go go go go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome so uh uh uh uh uh so well to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 5 5 5 5 you know so uh okay Hamptons Vice. I am I am I am I am am am am am I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we um um um um um you know like um have a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship relationship relationship relationship relationship stuff. Lots of lots of lots of lots of lots of new Jordan stuff I mean mean mean mean mean um you know okay to talk about and we're just gonna go straight straight straight straight straight through and talk about all the uh like uh like relationships and I've got got got got got some fun engagement news. You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you'll have have have have have to wait to uh I mean so uh the end for that and a a a a a fun little segment about who's crazier then who uh well uh so and then we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next so I mean okay okay okay okay okay so week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this so this so this so this so this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We um um um um um so I mean so are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through through through through through the 20/20 NFL draft I mean I mean uh like class and what what what what what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali uh like uh uh uh uh uh um my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each each each each each position well like I mean so where the Panthers stand in terms of of of of of current players and what their potential options might you know I mean I mean you you you you you know be going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important important important important important that you know well uh like position generally when looking for prospects and what what what what what the times 20 draft class has to okay uh well so offer we will will will will will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The draft has so so so so so I mean well I mean that it looks to be a major major major major major part of how the Panthers go uh so um well about this rebuild that that that that that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope I hope I hope I hope I I I I I hope you enjoy this podcast I mean you know so um love you're listening to and give give give give give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this this this this this episode includes you know you know uh so dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault assault assault assault assault that some people may find offensive okay uh so so. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th you know uh well uh in in in in in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 well well well well well so so uh a.m. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm dorm dorm dorm dorm were transfixed um um I mean so by a woman wandering their campus. What What What What What is she doing? What if she sees us watching um you know uh uh we we we we we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you okay okay okay okay okay like well I mean seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't okay um well so recognize you the police were just just just just just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and okay okay okay okay okay like uh so Mental Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 13 13 13 13 9 year old um you know well you know Nathaniel should have been asleep by by by by by now. His mother his mother his mother his mother his mother had warned warned warned warned warned him. His sister's nursemaid like uh uh you know had warned him, but but but but but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way uh okay uh I mean. Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the the the the the well so okay like Sandman would leave him be all he had to do do do do do was steady his breathing stay uh so like um very still and keep his his his his his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the um you know okay okay okay okay okay like door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can oh, can you put a little bit bit bit bit bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, like so um you know I I I I I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk I mean um um um um um so so has come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus pus pus pus pus and blood I mean so um well in it and your stroke still drinking drinking drinking drinking drinking cow's milk. Your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom will join join join join join to uh you know like well do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk milk milk milk milk was just isn't there's almond produce like so um well milk. What breasts breasts breasts breasts breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk well uh you know know know know know like is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut coconut coconut coconut coconut milk coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut uh okay um okay water discussed. How How How How How can I was absolutely vile? And I and I and I and I and I don't don't don't don't don't know why people eat it so well okay well. So drink is it actually actually actually actually actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting well you know like I I I I I mean. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm you you you you you know so well like a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave leave leave leave leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk um so uh you know since day day day day day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way way way way way to get you you know you know well you know going. All you all you you you you you all you all you all you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F F F F F m-- to get you know I mean okay so started and you know what? It's totally totally totally totally totally free just download the free anchor app or uh you know well you know go go go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- and you're on your way to to to to to your own you know uh so I mean podcast. You can have fun. You You You You You can talk about whatever you want to so um like um talk about on your your your your your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want um I mean uh you you you you you know to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go well well well well well I mean I mean uh to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot dot dot dot dot f m-- in you on um uh um um your way. Good morning. Good morning. This This This This This is Keith. Nothing from nothing from nothing from nothing from nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on our on our on our on on on on on our on this week's show. We will discuss well like you know like Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to like okay like like like like like I mean 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear well so so so. The lone senior technically could be the the the the the last game for Scotty. Louis could be um um I mean okay the last last last last last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors so so so so so so you know well High honors, I think in In the spring which is is is is is fantastic really happy okay uh like well for him or take some listener questions questions questions questions questions. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a fun show. We hope you you you you you guys um so uh okay enjoy it. You know, you know, you know, know, know, know, know, you know, you know, this is the fun time of the year in in in in in our sport. This is so so um okay March. Now we're now we're now we're we're we're we're we're now we're now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this our our our our our this our this our this our this week is you know like like so brought brought brought brought brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is based on um okay so um the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is is is is is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth okay um well okay Ministries websites websites websites websites websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your like uh uh uh uh uh like I mean personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember Remember Remember Remember Remember your daily devotion matters like um uh you know. March 2nd entitled debtors to all all all all all today will be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses um well um you know 9 through through through through through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in trouble my so you you you you you know um okay eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body body body body body for my life is spent okay you know okay um with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories you you you you you know you know well like that matter to you and the other five members members members members members of your improv troupe. Thanks as thanks as thanks as thanks as thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks as I mean um so well always for tuning in with us on desert desert desert desert desert rock FM. If you never like like um like listen to the show show show show show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready okay you know um like like like like like for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young young young young young people okay I mean okay okay and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs programs programs programs programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, uh like I mean well Katrina Sakamoto who who who who who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010 so uh I mean okay that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of of of of of the Ku Klux like I mean um um Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you so like well um stories like like like like like is God real? Well, it well, it well, it well, it well, it turns out for for for for for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, Frank Bush welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett like brett like brett like like like like like brett like brett like you know okay like I'm doing great. Thank you very very very very very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the so um okay I I I I I mean time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have have have have have you been up to like uh um you know since your retirement from USA swimming? swimming swimming swimming swimming But Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty but Patty and I my wife decided decided decided decided decided probably when well um well um I had a year left in Colorado Springs at at at at at my position that we would move uh like well I mean back to Tucson. And And And And And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a a a a a well um I mean you know little better at life. I am I I I I I am I am I am I am your host Corey mascara and in today's today's today's today's today's episode so like um well. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea idea idea idea idea of finding meaning more to you know so well um come on that in a moment moment moment moment moment. But first let's settle in with the sound okay uh uh like of the the the the the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting so um um um um um okay I mean and or just too big to tackle that some people have a a a a a seem to have a okay okay I mean uh natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave leave leave leave leave it podcast. I'm okay uh okay uh one of your hosts Egan for our with with with with with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up like okay well like guys? This is Jordan and and and and and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is this is this is this this this this this is this is Brady um well you know well Turner. This is the first episode of of of of of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I mean like like you know I I I I I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I I I I I knew um um you know you know as soon as I said it someone would would would would would bring it up but his regards kind of okay um like well bullshit, but I'll let let let let let it slide. All right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, um so you know I I I I I mean here we go. What's up? Its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan its Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is so uh um so our first episode of our our our our our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about well you know uh okay okay okay okay okay a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while while while while while you know um you know you know we're doing this. Actually, let's start with with with with with that. So to begin with we uh like well well will ask our good good good good good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and like so okay um um um um um five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we we we we we okay you know like uh talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And And And And And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs okay um okay I mean. I hope you you you you you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this well I mean well well well well well well is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good Good Good Good Good so like so I mean. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward forward forward forward forward looking forward looking forward looking forward looking forward to this right okay you know um um um um um uh now. Thank you for joining us really? So I so I so I so I I I I I so I let me give our listeners are I mean um like so little bit of of of of of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the like okay okay okay okay okay okay like other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012 2012 2012 2012 2012 well okay uh well. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years years years years years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens uh um um um um um so okay. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode episode episode episode episode 16. But you know okay you know I mean first we want to say say say say say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They uh uh you know know know know know uh made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the the the the the same for so uh I mean like you. So if so if so if so so so so so if so if you want to check them out, make sure to head head head head head over to you know like so so sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love love love love love City where you get the urban okay I mean like so robot cat t-shirt. And And And And And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll like okay well well well well well I mean receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then then then then then also SD prints there um like um I mean are screen printing company that that that that that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables I mean uh uh I I I I I mean website, whatever you got they can make a product for you. You You You You You can check them so so uh uh out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16 16 16 16 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean okay this show operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on on on on on extensive you know um so you know research, but ultimately can never be 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% verified except by Society members themselves for okay you know like um every kernel kernel kernel kernel kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to to to to to protect well um you know I mean their true goals and practices. On On On On On July on July on July on July on July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest protest protest protest protest the recent extradition Bill so uh okay um proposed by legislators as an expression expression expression expression expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys boys boys boys boys you know I mean you know well podcast before we get this episode Ron. I I I I I really do want to talk a like um uh I mean little little little little little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will will will will will admit okay well I mean um. So if you haven't heard about anchor is is is is is the easiest way to make a so well like uh podcast, let me explain explain explain explain explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to so so I mean like record and and and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will anchor will anchor will distribute you know so you know you know your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast apodcast my okay okay I mean okay bad and many more you can can can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum like like so well listenership. It's It's It's It's It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in one place. Anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's anyways, let's get so so so so so well like like this rolling. Like a like a like a like a a a a a like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay like like like like like well so like. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just it's it's it's it's it's just it's just it's just it's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's Sue's of like I mean I mean well time. I have a special guest today today today today today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This is my you know well well okay okay okay okay okay friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you so um um um um um okay I mean hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's He's He's He's He's gay. Oh my uh um uh okay phone also Levi Brown is this is already already already already already Turning off as a disaster sweet like so I mean like peas fucking Violet Violet Violet Violet Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love I love I love love love love love I love I love him uh like um I mean. He's so angry angry angry angry angry. He's like, he's like, he's like, he's like, he's like, I've never he's a a a a a parakeet. He's a little he's a budgie budgie and so um like I I I I I mean like he's just tiny. He's very he's very he's very he's very he's very very very very very tiny his little arthritic feet and he's I mean so like like mad mad mad mad mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin boivin boivin boivin boivin I mean like um okay senior Communications officer with the office of the information and and and and and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And okay okay well you know this is part of of of of of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British Columbia's I mean you you you you you know okay so personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of of of of of the more than 1 so uh I mean I mean million organizations that collect collect collect collect collect use or Close personal information in this province. We want uh I mean you you you you you know okay organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They They They They They collect and okay um you know like process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded safeguarded under pipa and how our office can help okay so well well. It's about getting privacy privacy privacy privacy privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic that hits I mean mean mean mean mean like I mean well home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride ride ride ride ride well I mean okay so podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little little little little little Foo Fighters. We had go so I mean you know you know know know know know in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is so I I I I I mean um like because I was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today today today today today it so you know I mean I mean is episode 39. This guy is is is is is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are well um um um recording two two two two two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So he well well well well well so um I mean is our special Valentine. We're so we're so we're so so so so so we're so we're so excited and you guys know where to find um well well well well well well I mean us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on on on on on. Look at Behavior, I mean I mean well okay but just podcast or on a a a a a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us so okay um you know a a a a a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if um like okay okay okay okay okay you know you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it it it it it at okay well so I mean all. Thanks. Okay. So now so so so so so now so now so now so now Casey what's our review of the day? day day day day Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel uh uh uh uh uh um I mean like Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying conversation which included her um I mean I mean well reading shockingly racist racist racist racist racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was okay uh well I I I I I mean handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on on on on on its inclusion on okay um um um Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's it's it's it's it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its well uh um like cake and and and and and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious so you know know know know know I mean um username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for for for for for bullying and well um um I mean the show taking no accountability for it was was was was was crap at no point at The Bachelor show uh you know uh uh Runners Runners Runners Runners Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments um well well well well well so like. The show the show the show the show the show is specifically designed designed designed designed designed and run around the notion of having a um okay I mean you know villain. You You You You You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single well well well well well well like so season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past past past past past infidelity um uh so uh and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would would would would would like uh so uh I mean to encourage all of you to download the the the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd you know you know you know know know know know you know FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy easy easy easy easy guys, I uh I mean I mean like did not know, you know publishing podcast was was was was was so easy. If I had only known it I mean uh um so like five five five five five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the like like like like like like well like anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and and and and and well I mean so I mean anchor will do all the job for me me me me me. It will publish it in all well um um um the major podcast sides. You You You You You know apps that are available and I do not okay uh uh so need need need need need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also also also need um you know um okay to make use of it. If you have have have have have a message if you okay um uh so have some come content, which you you you you you feel that needs to reach out to the world um you know um so or or or or or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram uh namaskaram uh uh uh uh uh namaskaram uh namaskaram uh namaskaram uh I mean okay well everyone, welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in so in so in so in so in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's it's it's it's it's heroines week on well well um so Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a a a a a different awesome woman from history like okay um so a heroin heroines are women who do do do do do great things and a remembered for you know so you know you know their their their their their bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman well well well well well okay um okay lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name name name name name was Empress Shilling okay well uh I mean. She and she discovered something that that that that that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying like um um well a a a a a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China China China China China well like well you know with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by by by by by her okay uh you know so own bra the search for her killer killer killer killer killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in well like okay like a a a a a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of well well well well well okay so I mean Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check check check check check out our series unsolved murders you know I mean you know um every Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some so okay well well well well well uh of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever like like like like like you know you know uh you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of of of of of this murder case listener you know so so uh discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes includes includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas well um you know I mean real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce pronounce it, right that you know uh you know uh was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that was pretty good. It was it was it was it was it was pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty good I mean uh so well history of New Zealand podcast. And so and so and so so so so so and so and so tell us a little bit about your uh you know um um um um um okay projects and what you've been working on and what we're going to to to to to be talking about today well so so like. Sure. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and and and and and I as you've just heard I'm the well well uh well bloke behind the history history history history history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a um okay I mean so so so so so does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to chakra chakra chakra chakra chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how the like like like like like like like like chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change change change change change I mean I mean okay so your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? going going going going I am I am I am I am I am doing great. It's kind kind kind kind kind you know okay like you know of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this this this this this week I'm recording on a well okay uh I mean Wednesday because I've been been been been been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to so you know well well well well well I mean what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on on on on on Wednesday. Does you know uh you know so that ever happen to you? I think think think think think it's so funny. You know like you think so well I mean mean mean mean mean like like all day. It's Tuesday it's Tuesday it's Tuesday it's Tuesday it's Tuesday and and and and and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's well you know like like like like like I mean just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on on on on on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are we are we are we are we are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome back to a special special special special special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with like so uh you know you today. We We We We We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the offseason I mean mean mean mean mean uh like I mean and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special special special special special on first off you know uh well okay. So we all like to to to to to get a bit of an insight into the franchise and today's like okay you know know know know know uh guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and those fans fans fans fans fans who okay um so like obviously had attended the games in the City of of of of of Angels of Allah and in London, okay uh so okay So he is the the the the the man that says. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm firm firm firm firm um you know um well or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers fundscom fundscom fundscom fundscom fundscom. I'm a huge fan of Dan I mean so okay so Eric and Spotify we we we we we run Spotify in the office all day long as you might you know uh I I I I I mean well know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the the the the the one well so like like you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of of of of of your favorite artists and podcasts uh okay um you know in one place for free free free free free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you well okay well well never miss miss miss miss miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you uh uh uh uh uh so so uh are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on on on on on Instagram. Haven't done so already I mean you know um you know be sure sure sure sure sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify like like I I I I I mean I mean or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me me me me me. So so I mean um uh you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast one more time. This is this is this is this is this is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly well well well well well well you know well with a point against wall stone and a good way on on on on on Tuesday night the mood I mean um um you know in the camp must must must must must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been it's been it's been it's it's it's it's it's been it's been good so um like so for months really pleased with with with with with the performance. And I kind of knew it was going well you know okay so so so so so to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss loss loss loss loss I mean um well like or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the the the the the goals were very very uh um so uh good. Yeah one individual that that that that that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to okay so okay I mean you tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital K like um you you you you you know uh JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were so so so so so I mean so uh friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they they they they they were asking me how well well like so we do it how we get it it it it it out there how we record it. And you and you and you and and and and and you and you I mean you know I mean uh know, thankfully I was was was was was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have okay okay uh you you you you you know had when we first started out this would have been way way easier I I I I I mean uh like well and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, you know, so anchor is um so well like by far the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast it gives you everything you need um I mean well well. In In In In In one in one in one in one in one place so you don't have to to to to to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment okay I mean I mean I I I I I mean or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on on on on on your so I mean so okay phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So So So So So it gives you all the creation like you know so uh tools. You need to edit edit edit edit edit it to make it sound good which you know, if like well uh you know know know know know we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the okay I mean uh I mean easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to um I mean mean mean mean mean like I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your well like like like like like uh well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and I mean okay like uh many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership, and well okay so uh it's everything you need to to to to to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app okay uh um um um um um okay or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this well well well well well okay like I mean is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I I I I I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the I mean you know uh um ball, you know know know know know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How uh how how how how how uh how uh how uh how uh okay well I mean are you doing? doing doing doing doing Brett very well. Appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you coming coming coming coming coming on you've got an amazing well okay like like story and I love for you to to to to to share it with a lot of people so okay well so. Yeah, thank you you you you you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long well um well well well well well well overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to to to to to continue to I mean so uh so follow along in the future. Yeah. I I I I I mean I've told you many times we so so so you know know know know know have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where where where where where so like well uh you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all all all all all those sorts of so so you know so things. I think is so important to to to to to share and I've had great conversations with so so um you know a lot of of of of of really good coaches. And athletes and athletes and athletes and athletes and athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty certainty certainty certainty certainty I mean I mean so so of Steel media marks the boundary where reality reality reality reality reality and unreality meet. Of course, uh well um um we didn't expect to die out here here here here here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd so um uh uh asked for more money money money money money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, all right, all right, all right, right, right, right, right, all right, welcome back ladies I mean so okay well and gentlemen, boys and girls girls girls girls girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have um so so well well well well well a really fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by I mean mean mean mean mean like so um our app to help companies get control of their email for this this this this this episode really excited well like um like to have one of our one of the the the the the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself so uh uh like. Thank you very very very very very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the so okay well okay okay okay okay okay biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction construction construction construction construction like so well I mean these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Judith Hackett okay um uh you know. I chaired the independent review into building safety safety safety safety safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the um like um so Granville fire disaster, disaster, disaster, disaster, disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed like I mean mean mean mean mean um okay such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking looking looking looking looking um okay okay you know at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded people deluded people deluded people deluded people deluded I'm back again. Welcome back back back back back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy like so uh so to be doing doing doing doing doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a so so I mean mean mean mean mean so bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So So So So So if so well like so you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you you you you you feel like you've accomplished you know okay okay you know something with me because without without without without without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be okay well well well well well you know well possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with with with with with mating taking my stuff in on like so okay okay YouTube. Then you then then then then then you then you then you then you might as well start. Do I need to to to to to spell out to you why okay you know well well you need to to to to to start listening to that YouTube content come on now but away uh so like like like like like I mean from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots lots lots lots lots happened in football, uh so okay like but a lot has happened. You've seen seen seen seen seen key caucus steal. The leads the leads the leads the leads the leads keep keep keep keep keep our I mean like um well band for eight games and get a fine. I I I I I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR you you you you you know uh you know I mean leaders podcast. HR doesn't hR doesn't hR doesn't hR hR hR hR hR doesn't hR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital um um um um um like um I mean. It's simply it's simply it's simply it's simply it's simply simply simply simply simply has to put another way. HR must hR must hR must hR must must must must must hR must become more digital and analytical um okay well um to deliver greater business business business business business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features it features it features features features features features it features it features um so well so a panel discussion, which took took took took took place at the recent people analytics and future so uh okay uh of work work work work work conference in San Francisco. The discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion the discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion was titled HR skills of the future and uh uh you know um how to develop develop develop develop develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC well you know know know know know okay like Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people people people people people strategy analytics learning and I mean uh uh okay operations of judicial RJ Milner Milner Milner Milner Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober so okay okay well and is is is is is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of well well um um um um um you know my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per Per Per Per Per se taking like I mean okay okay control of our emotions, but the big big big big big question is how do we take control of okay um okay I mean our emotions? Here's Here's Here's Here's Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down. Right uh right uh uh uh uh uh right uh right uh right uh like okay I mean but we're going to talk talk talk talk talk about two of those important points right now. And um uh well um that's your physiology physiology physiology physiology physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It uh uh you know know know know know uh is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a a a a a um um I mean uh living organism and its parts. But in this sense, sense, sense, sense, sense, what we're going to be talking I mean uh um uh about is how how how how how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You I I I I I mean so you know I mean feel emotions are described many ways. You You You You You know me. We have happiness sadness anger I mean uh like you know and and and and and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of well you you you you you know I mean um the main ones. We think we think we think we we we we we think we think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have I I I I I mean okay okay so our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of of of of of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus like um you know so. So I I I I I so I so I so I so I use stencil plus with my business business business business business. They made a handicap logo for so I mean uh uh me amongst other other other other other custom logos and different things for me as well well so so well. They have have have have have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over like well well well well well well um $50. You can have a free company logo stencil made free and they they they they they have so I mean so uh lots of cool Social Media stuff going on there there there there there always interacting there's thousands of stencils um so you know so to choose from from from from from and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So so uh well okay okay okay okay okay if you have something very custom you want made they will work with you you you you you and um like um so they listen to their customers needs of what they they they they they want what they need well okay so so to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 20 20 20 20 coming your so well like you know way. And thanks again last week week week week week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and uh uh okay I mean I really enjoyed that that that that that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, um okay I mean like like like like like you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small small small small small but we're so so well okay we're good. We're happy and as I always say to to to to to people I do this because you know well uh I mean I love the band. Of talking talking talking talking talking to the bonds and having a chat with you know like I mean uh them and seeing seeing seeing seeing seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in okay okay okay okay okay okay okay you know any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So So So So So it's awesome. So thanks okay uh so okay for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have we have we have we have we have to pay the bills, bills, bills, bills, bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting like okay okay so your own own own own own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is so um um um um um I mean you know the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's it's it's free their creation you know you know you know okay tools that allow you you you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean like uh well well well well well computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on on on on on Spotify Apple you know so uh I mean podcast and many more you can make make make make make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's well well well okay everything you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free I mean mean mean mean mean okay well uh acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you you you you you want to I mean okay um so join in on the excitement excitement excitement excitement excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On so I mean like okay the the the the the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform platform platform platform platform uh um you know uh at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is is is is is beyond where you'll learn well well I mean uh tips and techniques on the car buying buying buying buying buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our our our our our uh I mean you know uh sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out shout-out to the hosting site uh uh I mean uh. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you you you you you to edit upload uh well so so and create your own podcast all in one one one one one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all you know I mean I mean okay the distribution distribution distribution distribution distribution. So basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send like uh uh uh uh uh so um your podcast to a playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and and and and and instantly be well like um um everywhere at once you upload it to to to to to Anchor or if you want to create um I mean okay so your own own own own own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so hello, so turns out that people do do do do do actually want to listen to what I have well you know um well to say, say, say, say, say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I I mean mean mean mean mean so I mean well ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that that that that that everyone is on board I mean um okay well and I'm excited for this little little little little little journey this little educational Journey that we you know um you know okay are going going going going going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing like like like like like organizing like organizing like organizing like organizing and like um uh uh so note note note note note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've so I've so I've so so so so so I've so I've done list of how I well so so like want it to to to to to pan out whether or not it pans out like that well uh you know know know know know so is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we we we we we so we so we so we so we like like uh I mean mean mean mean mean shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening I mean mean mean mean mean like you know you know. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in in in in in um I mean okay well London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along along along along along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th 2020 well uh you know um the Leafs Leafs Leafs Leafs Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a little pregame combo for you know so okay so you Michael. We didn't get a chance chance chance chance chance to talk after the Leafs loss in San um so I mean uh Jose. But But But But But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior The um okay okay okay okay okay okay so Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to well well well well well uh so uh sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won won won won won three games in. Road that road that road that road that road that we're I mean mean mean mean mean like okay well key games against teams that were at least on par with with with with with them Florida a few I mean okay uh uh points behind them Tampa Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver so well so um who was was was was was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against against against against against the uh uh well well team and they play three teams on this this this this this west coast swing that are out of like well you know well it that are are are are are basically, you know, playing out the string and they like I mean like I I I I I mean got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the uh um um um um um okay uh topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted attracted attracted attracted attracted to okay I mean um um in Men. In other words. What are the the the the the things? What are the triggers? What you know um like um are the the the the the things that women like about us guys? So what so what so what so so so so so what so what kind of behavior uh so um I mean is it that they like like like like like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously I mean I mean so so so so so okay to attract women. Well first things first that we got understand about women is is is is is so I mean like you know number one. There are emotional beings and their Even Even Even Even Even by their emotions and I mean so like uh women want to be be be be be in a love story. They want to just randomly you know well I mean well well well well well run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye okay okay okay okay okay well uh um contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way way way way way that it's obvious okay well like so to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean like introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's called um like I mean well speaking for the bag. And the and and and and and the and the and the and the reason why we picked that name, I I I I I mean, well okay well you know it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag bag bag bag bag we in the bag we got the bags I mean uh you know um of cured cured cured cured cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the obviously the end end end end end goal is to make you know um so you know money off this that that that that that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this well you know I I I I I mean um for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy happy happy happy happy with my voice um uh you know okay Okay, we see what we see what what what what what Carson over here is in it for I mean uh you know okay I guess guess guess guess guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, Honestly, I have like uh um well this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice uh I I I I I mean well uh of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you do you do do do do do you do you do you want to do the um I mean uh like like like like like show? Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an well well well well well so like so app you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the the the the the introduction to um so okay uh get her ready and that's it. Are we we we we we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but okay um like uh we we we we we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every well uh uh uh uh uh so well Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 pm pm pm pm pm I mean you know so so. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I I I I I welcome all welcome okay like so I mean everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the okay okay okay okay okay well okay uh man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg Berg Berg Berg Berg. Today. We're going like um like um to talk about the seven seven seven seven seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is this is this is this is is is is is this is really about so I mean um like something called cryotherapy cold therapy therapy therapy therapy therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for so you know so so so so so so just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold so so so so so uh okay you know to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and and and and and this concept is really okay well so uh based on this word hormesis. Okay for for for for for me scenes, what does that that is um uh uh I mean a situation where you're you're you're you're you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount you know well I mean um um um um um of stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that like you know know know know know uh um can create this effect. This is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival survival survival survival survival mechanism like well um like that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how look how look how look how look how sane and linear we are being being being being being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis I mean uh uh well podcast and and and and and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities like you know know know know know so um. Please remember please remember please remember please remember please remember to support support support support support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free uh so you you you you you know um to read along with us. If you if you if you if you you you you you if you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, you know like like like like like like so we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this this this this this podcast well like so okay linked in the episode description if you wish to Read Read Read Read Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are okay um uh I mean trained trained trained trained trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the construction well well well well well okay like I mean of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, yours, yours, yours, yours, but we're not attacking the comic so I mean well like just offering suggestions. This This This This This show is not safe for work. And if and if and if and if and and and and and if you're um uh like well a minor we ask that you wait to listen listen listen listen listen until you were old okay like um so enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the the the the the uh um I mean you know podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Deborah I'm Deborah I'm Deborah I'm Deborah I'm Deborah show and today today today today today we'll be you know you know so like talking about Dan for sure. Basically Basically Basically Basically Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me so I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't know me as your your your your your own cloud. She might she might she might she might she might say this for the well well well well well so so uh cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so so so so so today we well okay okay you know have done for sure. He is he is is is is is he is he is he is the big talker. He is the hitter hitter hitter hitter hitter. He is the cringer. He is he is he is he is he is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing well you you you you you know um well show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side side side side side and brush uh okay I mean uh the inside the outside image showing showing showing showing showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week well well um like where every day day day day day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight well you know like like like like like like. We're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking we're talking about an incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's okay um okay okay cool, but we're we're we're we're we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah like like okay okay okay okay okay um that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon fanny blankerscoon was was was was was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny um I mean like you know was was was was was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the like I I I I I mean well like Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned uh uh uh uh uh so well I mean on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary uh well well you know footage Neil Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo well well well well well you know you know so 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship ship ship ship ship had a built-in Custom-made so I mean uh uh camera transferring its signal signal signal signal signal back to Earth. This signal this signal this signal this signal this signal was was was was was tape recorded by three different Studios you know I mean uh I mean one in in in in in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made made made made made I mean I mean you know you know it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed packed packed packed packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to to to to to you by uh I mean well I mean anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop shop shop shop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of best of best of best of of of of of best of so uh well um all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously ridiculously easy to use now anger can so like I mean I mean match you with with with with with great spot. So you so you so you so you so you want to to to to to advertise on your podcast. That means um like you know I mean you you you you you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing right right right right right now okay um I mean so by reading sad I said it before but but but but but you know, we love using incre well okay you know um you can hit record start start start start start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy to you know I mean okay okay okay okay okay you know you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out some, some, some, some, some, you know uh like you know you know dead are very easy to do that that that that that as well. So, you so, you so, you so, you so, you know, if if if if if you know I mean I mean so you've always wanted to start a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor uh you know I mean mean mean mean mean uh dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole uh so I I I I I mean you know ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't don't don't don't don't we don't we don't we don't we don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And okay okay okay okay okay like okay well guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot dot dot dot dot f m that's right. If uh uh you know I mean you're looking to host your your your your your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get like um so you you you you you know started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the you you you you you know um uh um podcast right from a phone. It's right don't even need need need need need a computer, but you can do you know you know um um it there there there there there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging challenging challenging challenging challenging uh well you know well part, you know want to mess with that that that that that. They got you covered and get it right so so I mean uh on on on on on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or um you you you you you know uh you know founds And you know what, you can monetize it it it it it to make a little cash for sharing like uh well uh your great content with with with with with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all well uh like okay in one one one one one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download you know know know know know you know uh well the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started started started started started. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're well okay uh okay okay okay okay okay ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of you you you you you know like um um the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening listening listening listening listening to the London is blue okay so well you know or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or like like like like like well I mean you know smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo - Josh Val said well well you know um is your actual name. Do you you you you you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho I mean like uh okay ho ho ho ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many like well well well well well okay like different names you called ho over the course of the season season season season season because there's been at um I mean okay um least ho ho ho ho ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point um um okay well now, now, now, now, now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the the the the the rafters. Oh - oh - oh - oh - oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver silver silver silver silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join I mean um I mean mean mean mean mean like Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice practice practice practice practice so I mean well okay and guides us on a path of healing transformation transformation transformation transformation transformation an Awakening to experiencing the you know so I mean okay divine. I want to to to to to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla so okay uh well well well well well that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of of of of of that says that um like you know okay if you read the megillah meeting them name, name, name, name, name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind so you know okay like of of of of of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost it's almost it's almost it's almost it's almost like an an an an an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about about about about about you know well um you know anchor if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh okay so um. Let me explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools tools tools tools tools that allow you to record so I mean you know okay and edit your your your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will will will will will anchor will anchor will distribute your I mean I mean like I mean podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you you you you you so like well you know can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make um okay um I mean a a a a a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to um okay okay okay okay okay so so Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on today on today on today on today on Marvel movie news. We've got we've we've we've we've we've got we've got we've got we've got a whole bunch of stories to to to to to take okay okay well like care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has has has has has a runtime. There's so there's so there's so there's so there's so you you you you you know um well some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set set set set set photos and we're so so uh um going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill Cavill Cavill Cavill Cavill after that. Let's just like uh well you know call it a rumor all all all all all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome well like okay um to popcorn top top top top top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and you know so um um um um um um here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the the the the the popcorn you know you know you know like talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We We We We We are coming to you. Live from I mean you know so like Bollywood will explain that that that that that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it it it it it. It'll make it'll make it'll make it'll make it'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual so so so so so so um so and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from from from from from 3D divide D like okay like like Consciousness the nature of time space space space space space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records all like so um like like like like like. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today. I I I I I appreciate okay well well okay you so very much. All right, let's get into it it it it it. Hey beautiful being welcome back um I mean like um to another episode of of of of of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being here with me well like like like like like like like today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you want want want want want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential like like like like like uh so okay wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it it it it it but you know like I mean so today it's me back is run out out out out out of ways to introduce we can just you know um okay okay talk to yourself about about about about about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome like um well um um um um um. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had had had had had a okay I mean you know okay break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting. We're talking about how to um like you know so plan a wedding wedding wedding wedding wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off um uh so so so so so so planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of of of of of planning a so I mean like I mean wedding when you're pregnant as well to to to to to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the walking of of of of of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are I mean well um uh recording from the Bethke Bethke Bethke Bethke Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we okay so so you you you you you know will share on this podcast intro song says that that that that that that that you're good. It's so um like like the intro song inches on the addressing. It's It's It's It's It's the intro song intro song We're not uh uh I mean well in our basement at at at at at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome um like you know know know know know um. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part part part part part I mean well okay so of your week. It's so it's so it's so so so so so it's so it's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less less less less less okay okay you know well so but me because my heart is full. I'm way way way way way more thankful. We like you know like so are this episode's gonna be a a a a a little different. I might sound a little different uh like you know you know know know know know Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we so so so so so so um um are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already we've already we've already we've already we've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have you have you have you have you have tuned into Irish Illustrated Illustrated Illustrated Illustrated Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man Booth well so so uh uh uh uh uh today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean I mean or reminder to everybody. We will be be be be be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And um uh I mean uh as we we we we we go through the spring, there's going to be a break well so you know so so so so so again after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will okay okay okay okay okay well you know uh try to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a take a a a a a take a take a take a relief following practices that um you know so well well well well well are open to the media how many we have Tim we have five open open open open open by like you know okay like Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, there's and in the I mean um um um um um like okay new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have we'll have we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll have we'll have we'll have a much better vantage point. I think I think think think think think I think I think I think um well um uh we mentioned that last podcast well well well well well take two hours to get a or an like I mean um okay hour to to to to to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit bit bit bit bit um I mean so uh on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually actually actually actually actually set up and can actually work okay you know like okay. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the UK fancy football show show show show show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite uh so so I mean pastime will will will will will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the so uh uh uh uh uh I mean you know end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week week week week week 29 joining us well um I mean um this week for the second time. This season season season season season this season this season this season this season is gold head of news news news news news and features like like so uh Peter Staunton. Last time last time last last last last last time last time last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team team team team team so you know you know so since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? now now now now Not very good. I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I'm about I I I I I mean you know like um 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half half half half half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I I I I I mean you know you know okay I think out of you know, all the people that that that that that are still interested. I used I mean you know I mean um to interested interested interested interested interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the well uh you know know know know know so fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well Well Well Well Well so uh well you know the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys guys guys guys guys I mean you know well so. So we just got a letter so so so so so for you here, we wanted well uh well um to talk about a few things that we've we've we've we've we've been stumbling upon over the last so so I mean uh few days since the finale finale finale finale finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions like um um um um um well okay show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want want want want want to uh uh so okay you know, take up too much time in the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast after that. So we're uh like uh well yeah, the internet is swirling with with with with with post interviews and insights into the show. And so well okay uh I think think think think think now that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see uh okay well well well well well so certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we we we we we just okay I mean you know you know want to talk about what we found out since since since since since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new the all-new the the the the the all-new the all-new the all-new Fierce family of fragrances I mean you know I I I I I mean okay gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom I mean okay you know you know. And click Fierce to learn more those singers singers singers singers singers back. Then I mean like you know um like well you had they were were were were were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church well well okay okay okay okay okay well was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had had had had had I mean well well like about, you know, the the death of the black church church church church church in the black community okay well well you know. E in the role that played played played played played in the type of singers that you hear, you uh so um you you you you you know know, you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, know, know, know, know, there's a few so so so I mean here but every now and again probably last last last last last one is its is it Fantasia? You I you I you I you I you you you you you I mean I mean so you know can't definitely fantastic. It's like - - - - - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson so like like so so so so so. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we we we we we explore okay uh uh well faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to another installment of so like like like like like like well Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block block block block block I mean uh um so leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can can can can can find me at the ER okay um so well ite etfe you on all social social social social social media platforms. Have you already given up like so like uh on your fitness fitness fitness fitness fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach like I mean you you you you you know okay to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course course course course course to get I mean I mean well so back on track or to Simply Simply Simply Simply Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before hey before hey before hey before hey before we go to this this this this this podcast. Let me say a few things well um like so about the mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship mentorship group as Leaders. We know we know we know we know we know that we we we we we need the wisdom of a mentor like uh okay okay to help us focus on what matters matters matters matters matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too you know uh well well often finding that person person person person person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if um like okay uh uh uh uh uh we do find them then on the other side of the world or is is is is is I mean I mean well so too expensive or they just don't have the the the the the time. I've been mentoring people now for over so like okay so 30 years years years years years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've okay well well well well well um well been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people people people people people how I can I mean um well like help more people. So I have have have have have created an online community called the mentorship um uh like um group here. You'll You'll You'll You'll You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship like well so uh sessions. You You You You You can ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world world world world world you know okay I mean okay for a fraction of the cost that this this this this this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and and and and and on uh like okay okay behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to like you know you know okay okay okay okay okay our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and and and and and review the um uh you know like podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs hogs hogs hogs hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas Razorback arkansas arkansas arkansas arkansas arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts I mean you you you you you know you know I mean are Dana husband here with my friend and clever te te te te te and Gordon today. We well okay um uh will be discussing brocco brocco brocco brocco brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just uh I mean you know know know know know uh want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium um okay okay okay okay okay like so. We really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone who's been um uh like you know learning along with us over the past. It'll It'll It'll It'll It'll be 60 plus days if you uh well well uh are interested in sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to you know like so I I I I I mean the death or something that we've learned together, please send us a message through through through through through uh like um I mean our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our email. You can you you you you you can you can you can you can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your so so so so so okay okay uh host Simon and in today's episode. This is this is this this this this this is this is this is the audio version of video so um I I I I I mean so that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like like like like like this show, like well you know like please do consider leaving us a review or ever ever ever ever ever get your podcasts. That would so like uh uh be awesome and let's get into into into into into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 so you know you know okay okay okay okay okay internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy spy spy spy spy bungles on the you know I mean I mean uh 21st of July 1973 1973 1973 1973 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway um you know well well well well well I mean seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless hapless hapless hapless hapless victim so okay I mean um was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist terrorist attack. And the murder was just another like uh like like blunder by a country country country country country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been so so well well well well well so some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those well well well well well you know okay so Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list list list list list. I will say um I mean um so that this is a collaboration with with with with with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go so go so go so go so go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts well well well well well you know okay um the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll Roll Roll Roll Roll podcast. We talked about extension you know like well you know crises, alcoholism and and and and and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and wisdom and wisdom and wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom and wisdom and what art okay you know well you know is thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached well well well well well uh uh so out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to to to to to see you. It's been okay like um uh many years. So I've been looking looking looking looking looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about about about about about child you know you know uh well sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major Major Major Major Major protests major protests major protests major protests major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal proposal proposal proposal proposal you know um uh you know of a Bill, that would have disposed the the the the the sentences of child sex offenders okay uh uh so if they married their victims in in in in in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in uh okay okay okay okay okay okay uh January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced introduced introduced introduced introduced. Backpack Internationals new I mean um you know okay briefing paper. I likes these whirring events events events events events in its calls for the government to address the well like um so enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast and and and and and uh well um so I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as as as as as so far and want uh you know uh I mean to touch another thing thing thing thing thing that I did last week. I made a mistake on the Caroline okay well so so so so so well Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out out out out out and about be kind and like I mean so like I notice when I listen listen listen listen listen back to it that I said be nice okay uh uh like. It's not not not not not a big mistake. It's not a big difference, but You know my OCD like uh uh uh uh uh like um kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do do do do do okay you know uh so the top 10 that we did for for for for for my birthday. And for and for and for and for and for Hazel's birthday will you you you you you know okay you know so do it for a week as birthday and we'll do do do do do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the okay so uh uh top 10. Introduce Rica to to to to to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say somebody just well uh well you know why why why why why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat snare snare snare snare snare um like um well drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with with with with with Dan Bailey where you know you know I mean okay we discuss five things to avoid avoid avoid avoid avoid when working on a session for an artist you know you know like um Dan Dan Dan Dan Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty um uh uh uh uh uh you know uh first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released released released released released his video you know uh well you know series that Bailey method Parts one and and and and and two recorded that his own Studio track land okay uh so okay in Orange County in part part part part part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and so um okay you know ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is is is is is okay like like uh rare. So you so you so you so you so you see see see see see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's okay you know I mean uh amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for for for for for specific I mean I mean like um applications. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey spelled be a you know um I mean uh IL e why.com and and and and and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal deal deal deal deal well so like so. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one one one one one glass of you know, Verde you know I mean like okay. I'm two two two two two I'm two I'm two I'm two I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know know know know know what vinho Verde is um okay I mean I mean going to Trader Joe's Joe's Joe's Joe's Joe's pick it up. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like 495 it's worth. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time time time time time to But well well I mean I mean it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no no no no no section for it, it's not like you okay well well so can be like, like, like, like, like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle so like well I mean mean mean mean mean if you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green um um um um um um uh I mean. Is it the greed wide section which is the best. This This This This This is one you know like I mean you know type of woman alone, which is why why why why why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you. My guest so uh okay you know today is a high school friend and and and and and former coworker. She joins me to share her I mean okay like um emotional story of of of of of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for this uh okay I mean okay okay okay okay okay opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three uh uh uh uh uh um okay uh year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School School School School School. This girl was always um I mean um like smiling. She had she had she she she she she had she had she had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to to to to to be like uh well okay around even to this day. She is still full of of of of of life and so are I mean um uh so her kids. I love her her her her her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her well I mean uh you you you you you know love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining joining joining joining joining episode uh like like um 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting I I I I I mean uh you know I mean down with actor on my heart for for for for for a long time. You know him from I mean well uh uh these various parts parts parts parts parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power you know you know know know know know like um of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots lots lots lots lots of things uh uh well like like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They They They They They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose wait whose wait whose wait whose wait whose um you you you you you know okay like farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good good good good good actor. He's um like okay I mean a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey you know know know know know well so okay everybody. Hey was that you're looking at and y'all love this this this this this so much we had like uh like I mean to you know, bring it back back back back back and do it again twice. That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what what what what what I'm so so like uh talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this hey, this is Marc a Altman Altman Altman Altman Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining uh I mean you know like like like like like will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie movie movie movie movie with I mean like uh okay Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark a Altman every day on well um uh like electric. Now. How do do do do do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo well you know know know know know so you know TV and soon the electric now app and you just have have have have have to pick one. You uh I mean I mean well don't have to to to to to have all your not them all of them, but it helps and um I mean mean mean mean mean I mean um you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as as as as as we so you know um uh bring you the 4:30 movie in your house house house house house in person. Hey, this is Marc a uh uh uh um Altman from from from from from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a James you you you you you know so okay so Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book book book book book Nobody Does it um okay so you know Better the complete uncensored oral history history history history history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty like you know uh like like like like like Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is so so so so so okay so well Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy boy boy boy boy. Do we have okay like okay um a special guest for you crystallinity from from from from from socks in the basement podcast. You can you can you can you can you can can can can can follow well well um well them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I I I I I appreciate you jumping in with us so uh okay uh to talk some White Sox baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to I mean you know like like like like like well be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other other other other other well you know well you know people. So I'm going to completely screw screw screw screw screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having like well well okay me on the show show show show show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement so uh so so right right right right right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it I mean so so so so so you know you know really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect expect expect expect expect to get as big as like well I mean okay it's turned into and now we're we're we're we're we're you know, we got this live event of cork you know like so um um um um um and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying well like I I I I I mean so out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and and and and and we're going to be I mean so um I mean going to two shows a a a a a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host host host host host Mike summer, okay well well you know and I want to help you buy sell and and and and and trade your way into a collection you'll you know I mean I mean I I I I I mean love. Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody and thank thank thank thank thank you for joining me for another episode today. I uh I uh I uh uh uh uh uh I uh I uh I mean you know I mean want to ask you a a a a a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if you know okay like um the the the the the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be better or or or or or like okay okay like worse? I think if you really stop and think about about about about about it and honest answer uh uh so you know for some of you would would would would would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away well well like uh uh uh uh uh and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why so why so so so so so why so why so why not try I mean so like I mean make make make make make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which which which which which uh okay um um is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast uh you know I mean um right from your phone or or or or or your computer and after you're done they'll like okay you know so distribute your your your your your podcast for you on Spotify. I will I will I will I will I I I I I will podcast in many other places you know I mean okay I mean. So download download download download download so download so download so download so download the free anchor app or go to Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored Anchored off. I'm to well you know you know uh get Ready? Hey, so we we we we we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member well well well well well um okay well Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Michael Carboni. This is this is this is this is this is um well well well well well uh I mean episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the the the the the rugby league you know uh well I mean podcast. Fans who are passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate about saying the game played in more places. All you know like okay I mean right, right, right, right, right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got I've got I've I've I've I've I've got I've got I've got a very special I mean I mean I mean I mean guest guest guest guest guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new new new new new website life uh I mean well well and football.com. Once again, the website is is is is is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams okay okay okay so. Plus it is is is is is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are so like you know know know know know um behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl bowl bowl bowl bowl game against okay like so uh Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has has has has has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand like you know okay okay down Wyoming Wyoming Wyoming Wyoming Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love what they so so so so so well I mean well have going on over there. I love what they are are are are are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a a a podcast. Let I mean uh uh so me explain it's free. There's a creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and um uh so okay edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast so okay so so so so so like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and and and many more you okay uh you know you know can make money from your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to so so um um um um um I mean make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or or or or or good Echo so okay well so the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so so so so so well like uh like excited about talking to you about money, but not just money money money money money wealth means wisdom expansion uh I mean I mean well assets. Love Theology and and and and and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much well okay well like like like like like money you have in your bank account. It's about it's about it's about it's it's it's it's it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life so uh I mean mean mean mean mean you know your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North North North North North America's um okay well like largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining mining mining mining mining pools with professionalism and um I mean well um an intense customer focus. They provide provide provide provide provide a top-notch user experience and have a great like well well um selection selection selection selection selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable notable notable notable notable altcoins um so well okay to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched launched launched launched launched their mining pool in October. So well like I mean well be sure to go go go go go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor like so you know I I I I I mean is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it I I I I I mean you know okay well if you as listeners would support the show by Ting Ting Ting Ting Ting them you can find them online I mean well uh so at Luxor dot dot dot dot dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech I mean I I I I I mean so okay Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast the best crypto mining podcast in so well okay so the history of the the the the the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by uh um so so so so so so mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects projects projects projects projects. We so we so we so we so we so like so so talk talk talk talk talk about masternodes. We talk we talk we talk we talk we talk a little little little little little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has like you know like well an an an an an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at uh like like like like like like so the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who so so so so so like I mean well was lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Temple Temple Temple Temple Gate called Beautiful where uh um like well he was put every day to beg beg beg beg beg from those going into the temple courts um uh I mean so when he he he he he saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money uh so like like like like like okay Peter looks That him as did John then Peter said look at us us us us us. So the man well okay so like gave them his attention expecting to to to to to get something from them. Then Peter then Peter then Peter then Peter then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City uh uh uh uh uh so well well in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths sociopaths sociopaths sociopaths sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat like I mean um okay fight after after after after after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall Street's okay you you you you you know okay uh interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty hopeless. Japan was mired uh well okay so in Endless deflation every news piece piece piece piece piece on South Korea showed row upon row uh I mean uh like of empty empty empty empty empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice um you know know know know know so I mean eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the the the the the founder was a bit uh okay okay um of a contrarian who believed the the the the the best long-term Investments were made when no one else was I mean uh you know uh uh uh uh uh looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we we we we we already had I mean uh okay so FX in the region but back in those those those those those days. It was almost like the trading uh okay well um job was unionized if if if if if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and and and and and Steph well you know like uh podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was I mean uh like you know the weekend? It It It It It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep um uh uh uh uh uh I mean well in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is is is is is rough uh like so um being back here in PA, but it was all right right right right right. I can't complain man, you know uh you know okay so on Friday. We had a a a a a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed well um well well well well well well her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and and and and and well like you know I mean seek and they have internal and oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I don't know if you should go well okay okay I mean back to Florida. It It It It It is full of really really weird people but it also has so you know know know know know uh you know Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of first first first first first of first of first of first of well like like I mean all going to to to to to look at a summary of what happens in seems one okay well uh okay okay okay okay okay and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned crowned crowned crowned crowned King you know okay like okay Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has has has has has done something bad to get the crown well so I mean you know. He says says says says says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote I quote I quote quote quote quote quote I quote I quote still hopes that okay you know um um this this this this this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief um um um um um um I mean okay guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his his his his his best friend. Of course that's out like um so uh on a horse ride with with with with with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid like you know so I mean mean mean mean mean. He says he says he says he says he says that having the crown crown crown crown crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king to okay well okay like be be be be be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is is is is is you know so so well a threat to his crown saying there is none but but but but but he whose being I do I mean okay like well fear Macbeth noted The The The The The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have like you know so so sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be I mean okay okay okay okay okay well um drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the the the the the so like so I mean self you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom mom mom mom mom. If you read to shake the okay uh um uh sleeping self, you know know know know know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, so um like so so so so so but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my my my my my heart so I mean uh like in my soul not because she tries to stir stir stir stir stir up trouble but just because she you know so I mean okay has has has has has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life I I I I I mean you know uh okay and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey well like like like like like well I mean of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most most most most most of the okay uh so so perceived problems and worries going on in our heads heads heads heads heads could be changed by embracing. The simple the simple the simple the simple the simple uh uh uh uh uh I mean well you know fact that we all only have one life and and and and and that none of us are promised another okay um like so day on this this this this this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health status so so so so so so you know okay after all would you seriously stay in the job you you you you you hate or the relationship that okay uh like so makes you miserable. If you you you you you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell no, you know um uh so so so so so you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly wouldn't okay okay okay okay okay uh uh I mean be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I I I I I interview I interview I interview I interview I interview people who are uh uh uh uh uh I mean well I mean living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you have you have you have you have you thought about making your your your your your own podcast? Have you have you have you have you have you thought thought thought thought thought about views and okay so like so opinions and expertise you would like to to to to to share with the world? Well anchor is the like you know um uh easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you okay uh uh uh uh uh you know well everything you need in one place for free and you can can can can can easily download you know like okay I mean it onto your mobile device or or or or or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools so well you know like allowing you to to to to to record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute I I I I I mean so you know so your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast and so so so so so many more and the um you know um okay best part you can easily easily easily easily easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership uh like like well. So go go go go go download the app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- well well well well well you know um uh to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 102 102 102 102 of the I mean so you know like two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My like you know know know know know uh uh name is Kelly Scheib. For those for those for those for those those those those those for those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined you you you you you know like so you know by my co-host Steve now we are so we had had had had had a plan for today and okay like okay okay as is typical with with with with with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known okay so I mean okay okay okay okay okay virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly well well well well well I mean like I mean relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it it it it it weren't you just in, uh okay so I mean California. Yeah, I was and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is I mean okay I mean uh originated originated originated originated originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been watching United um well well well well well uh like States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked nobody's looked at you they haven't like you know know know know know um uh even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the the the the the experts like I mean I mean so we have here today to talk to to to to to us. So today so today so today so today so today we are joined by by by by by well like well um dr. Patel. Yes from yes from yes from yes from yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter I mean mean mean mean mean like uh like and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity Clarity Clarity Clarity Clarity and so like um uh closure. What kind what kind what kind what kind kind kind kind kind what kind of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me me me me me okay uh you know like for my work and telling me how just in a a a a a short period of time. He's you know like so so in a situation where where where where where I guess his he's been married. And he's and he's and he's and he's and and and and and he's in the okay I mean um um process of getting a divorce with with with with with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago I mean like uh okay. He He He He He found out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the so so so so so the so the so the so the uh uh you know well interesting thing thing thing thing thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, uh uh uh uh uh okay you know well but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun fun fun fun fun and hooking up with his um I mean um like wife without any kind of attachments attachments attachments attachments attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening what's happening guys and welcome to to to to to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with you know well um I I I I I mean only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, things, things, things, things, you know well you know you know but if man were here episode the first first first first first episode really looking forward to getting some okay so I mean I mean contest Soma Soma Soma Soma Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we um um um um um like I mean like first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's let's let's let's let's just start a podcast and um uh like um four weeks later. We expect expect expect expect expect that one is following a few months now and telling I mean okay okay okay okay okay okay uh the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my my my my my I don't remember um okay um I mean that day like yesterday device right here is is is is is a kind of weird one were I mean well I mean well both jumping jumping jumping jumping jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the okay well well well well well uh I mean world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and and and and and nasty place and so like okay I mean I don't care how tough you you you you you are. It will beat you to your knees and you know okay um uh uh uh uh uh keep you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit hit hit hit hit you know um um so as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you you you you you hit it's about how hard uh well like okay you can get hit and keep keep keep keep keep moving forward how much you can take and you know so well so keep moving moving moving moving moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're uh so so so so so you know I mean worth then go out and get what you're worth. But But But But But you gotta be willing to so I mean you know so take the hits and and and and and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna uh um uh so be be be be be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you okay okay okay okay okay you know you know so you better than that. It's about how hard you can can can can can get hit and uh okay like uh keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We okay like well well well well well well know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it it it it it. And we're I mean I mean you know uh I think timed it perfectly. All right right right right right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what I mean well um so three three three three three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that so I mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a it's it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a it's a week but maybe Monday um you know well well well well well I mean here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. Sorry. I uh um you know I mean got my week mixed up Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't know uh okay like uh what that means. It's something political political political political political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday um uh um like. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode so like like like like like like uh. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to to to to to uh you know like like join this week because he is on spring break break break break break. He's living it up uh well I mean I mean in Spain. What What What What What up what up what up what up what up Christian are you doing? But this week week week week week we have three very well you know uh okay special guests from Lehigh University University University University University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, I mean so you you you you you know like dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the the the the the unsolved you know well you know well murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the the the the the state of Kentucky. She was found okay um like um on her college campus strangled strangled strangled strangled strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed to so uh I mean mean mean mean mean you know the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown Brown Brown Brown Brown that night to um so um so hear more episodes like this follow follow follow follow follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or Wherever you get your so uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is is is is is advised this like okay I mean well episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder murder murder murder murder and assault that some people may find offensive you know uh so well. We advise advise advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast this podcast this podcast this podcast this this this this this podcast is in conjunction with the so so like uh layer Aid conference which which which which which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 so you know know know know know like uh in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the the the the the first one to solely focus on I mean okay so okay social engineering and open source source source source source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators um uh okay like always seemed to to to to to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories uh uh uh uh uh well you know so through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill fill fill fill fill a whole presentation you know okay you know I mean and not all storytellers storytellers storytellers storytellers storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast this podcast this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast this podcast this podcast well uh you know you know will only be stories told told told told told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just stories okay so uh uh uh uh uh uh some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for for for for for 45 like I mean so you know minutes. I hope I hope hope hope hope hope I hope I hope I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views the views the views the views the views views views views views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily so so like okay stay or or or or or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the so uh uh uh uh uh okay okay views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This This This This This well uh so I mean is the show that explores the far ends of human human human human human experience. And today we're you know I mean so uh looking at one of of of of of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a uh uh uh uh uh so okay I mean story about for men and for women who are locked locked locked locked locked inside this enormous glass dome for I mean um I mean I mean two two two two two years just to see what would happen. And as and as and as and and and and and as and as you'd imagine it you know you know well you know all went a a a a a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think I think I think I think think think think think I think things started to get a uh um I mean um bit uncomfortable rarely about about about about about the four to six month Mark. I think we all knew instinctively um like I I I I I mean like that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, here we go go go go go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want uh okay you know know know know know um to be your Canary. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's there's there's there's there's a final fantasy podcast. We are we are we are we are we are are are are are coming to you from multiple I mean I mean I mean I mean States States States States States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and and and and and it's time I mean uh uh I mean. I love I love I love love love love love I love I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say say say say say it. You sound like you know like you know uh you're trying to be a a a a a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of I mean well um um um um um um I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet yet yet yet yet okay like um you know because we had a little bit of a hangout if if if if if you watch the Vlog that uh well okay like we posted at by the time time time time time you listen to this a few weeks you know well like so ago we found found found found found Mice in our basement. So we had to put our I mean so so well well well well well project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in so so so so so I mean um uh the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've we've we've we've we've now recorded a podcast in well well you know uh three different places. This is definitely definitely definitely definitely definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so okay you know um okay okay okay okay okay high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a a a a a week and okay you know you know like a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and you you you you you know so well so this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of of of of of chilling Adventures of so okay uh like Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called called called called called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't well well well um forget guys guys guys guys guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through our our our our our so uh um uh recap roundups. Our best our best our best our best our our our our our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be I mean like like like like like like um sure to stick around for that. We also we also we also also also also also we also we also have our contest going on right you know so I mean mean mean mean mean um now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and and and and and a so so you know um pop socket. To enter just written comments on on on on on our iTunes page and you'll be well like so I mean entered in in in in in the draw. We're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale you you you you you know well so okay season for so we have lots of time as always to to to to to or containing listeners okay you know well uh in a brand new ones. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and well okay you know um um um um um subscribe to the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it it it it it okay so okay uh the season finale. What do you think? It was it was was was was was good? It was really you know um so well good. They're a couple things that that that that that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process process process process process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin like okay I mean okay bring on comedians comedians comedians comedians comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with well uh uh uh uh uh so like Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women women women women women get eliminated and um like you know um by women, I mean mean mean mean mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week I mean so well like like like like like and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This This This This This episode so um I mean well includes discussions of drug use and violence that some some some some some people may find offensive. We um um so so advise Extreme Caution for children children children children children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s so like okay well at at at at at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial uh uh uh uh uh I mean I mean uh leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the the the the the quiet Campground as president uh um uh I mean of the Oakland Charter Charter Charter Charter Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's well I mean mean mean mean mean okay okay what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels Angels Angels Angels Angels I mean like you know uh flag. It featured a redesigned logo that that that that that had been strung up by some members okay you know okay you know of the the the the the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were they were they were they were they were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other other other other other okay so well okay religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order order order order order to um so uh so reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was was was was was driving to visit a friend while listening like you know okay I mean to to to to to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly you know know know know know I mean okay like recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one one one one one of the speakers in so well so well my car. My current workload prevents prevents prevents prevents prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead like so so um of Music I've had to to to to to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only okay I mean mean mean mean mean well I mean coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because because because because because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go go go go go to Anchor dot. F well okay so uh m-- to get started guys. This is by far far far far far anchors the best way okay uh I mean okay to download and record your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast best platform out there. You can put it out on you know you know you know okay okay okay okay okay Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's It's It's It's It's you know um uh uh by far the best platform I've used. I've used I've used used used used used I've used I've used I've used other platforms, and I'm so well uh um like like like like like happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're I I I I I mean okay okay you know interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested interested interested interested interested as well. Hey, what's up, you know uh you know you know man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has has has has has like so um you know another partner that person by the way, for those those those those those of you don't know has so well you know uh a special term. It's It's It's It's It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So so uh well well well well well um your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with with with with with your um um you know um partner. And so you have a metamour and and and and and you want to know this person. Maybe uh well uh uh you want to to to to to To be friends with them. Maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe you're maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which like uh uh so is the idea idea idea idea idea that you can be on such good terms with your metamour uh uh um um um um um um that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours yours yours yours yours or theirs and like um like okay have a cup of coffee and hang out out out out out. Maybe you want to be besties and you okay you know um uh know know know know know gang up on your partner from time to time or have well like like okay okay okay okay okay threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's um uh uh uh uh uh you know okay in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all all all all all things well um okay so travel during chasing an action taking I'm excited excited excited excited excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle uh you know um well and to find find find find find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing um okay you you you you you know so you may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG OG OG OG OG Neverland okay you know you know you know boys a group of creatives creatives creatives creatives creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that I mean okay so well well well well well sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having having having having having me um like like you know. So Zach so Zach so Zach so Zach so so so so so Zach and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A so okay okay okay okay okay well you know lot of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off off off off off when our laptops okay I mean well I mean and a lot of people people people people people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and um okay okay so so so so so get Chapman figure out. You got a few things in common. And here we we we we we so well uh so are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes notes notes notes notes in you know like uh so a hotel room me they always have those Bibles Bibles Bibles Bibles Bibles and and I opened it okay you know I mean I mean. I was was was was was I was I was I was I was reading it through and it it it it it said if anyone ever comes to well okay well uh you saying all is is is is is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of so you you you you you know so you know have that habit of of of telling us all is well well well well well and your own like I mean I mean uh words. And so okay. So what so what what what what what so what so what so what I'm getting at is are there good angels and uh uh uh uh uh okay like so bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is is is is is a stream like you know um like of well-being which you are allowing or not not not not not. And what we've noticed about any okay okay well so who who who who who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their I I I I I mean I mean well um alignment with that stream of well-being because not being being being being being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that uh I mean okay you know know know know know is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name my name my name name name name name my name my name is got a lotta gibberish. I'll uh I'll uh I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll uh I'll uh I'll uh um um like be your host and I have have have have have to say I'm extremely happy to be here with you uh like well you you you you you know today. And in and in and in and in and in this episode, episode, episode, episode, episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did uh uh okay okay I come come come come come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about so so okay you know know know know know you know over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and and and and and I was like so um so thinking that I really wanted to work and focus focus focus focus focus on my creativity and when I started you know um well so the semester I I I I I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking um so you know I mean mean mean mean mean for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I I I I I realized uh I mean uh you know that a lot of my friends were were were were were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're very okay okay uh um young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting announcement uh um I mean like. I wanted I wanted I wanted I wanted I I I I I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast I I I I I mean you know like like Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and and and and and romance related as uh I mean like like you know, I am both a a a a a reader of and author of romance fiction like uh well well and Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia Amelia. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan uh I mean uh uh uh uh uh so of many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance romance romance romance romance knows well um um like the value of self-care. So we're so we're so we're so so so so so we're so we're really excited to be a part of this well I mean well so so so so so community. If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other other other other other podcasts on you know um I mean so the Frolic Network. It includes one of my my my my my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy um you know like like books, which is Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have like okay you know know know know know uh been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering we're offering we're offering offering offering offering offering we're offering we're offering our listeners some additional content about the so uh you know know know know know okay world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the the the the the most notorious like um you know you know subjects every week in addition to your your your your your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring the okay you know okay uh most most most most most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips okay okay okay okay okay you know uh like from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us us us us us explore ideas. Ideas, well uh you know I mean like motivation method and Madness and and and and and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you know um like so you can can can can can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to uh okay like like like like like I mean podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the the the the the description uh okay I mean like today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates what what what what what motivates what motivates what motivates what motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you here here here here here well okay uh okay we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So So So So So we hope you guys you know you know well I mean have enjoyed those but but but but but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean like the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally make make make make make the I mean you know like uh goal every morning to wake up up up up up at 5:00. Like this like this like this like this like this is some some some some some sight. It was uh well well like six was it safe and James woke up at at at at at 4:00 and we just felt prom um um well you know justified in sleeping till till till till till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat we cannot something like okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with with with with with us so like well okay again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're we're we're we're we're going to do this ourselves in okay um so uh a minute, but guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at okay okay I mean mean mean mean mean I mean this for a year. Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, well, well, well, well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it maybe well um well well well well well you know that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, us, us, us, us, you know, occasionally we um uh uh um do say things that are not not not not not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other uh um like uh in in in in in the course of the show, but that just has because we do is almost almost almost almost almost so well you know uh zero prep. We just kind of come from from from from from wherever we are and we sit down um uh uh I mean and and and and and and I think most of the time we do catch each other but I mean um um um um um so okay Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad glad glad glad glad that I you know you know well like don't think it's ever happened to Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn Glenn. I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad I'm glad you got me last last last last last week like you know um I mean on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to La world. I'm so so so so so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I so okay so I mean was supposed to be be be be be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans well I mean mean mean mean mean okay you know my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was it was was was was was it was it was it was just a lot of stuff going well well well well well well so well on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had had had had had I mean uh um so so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go go go go go get my pap okay um like you know. Smear I have errands to run run run run run I was linking with people that I see in a you know so so so so so I mean I mean while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying staying staying staying staying in New Orleans and my mom okay well like okay house and then then then then then my brother's over here and nephews and it be loud like I'm well well well well well uh like like finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and and and and and no one's here right now, you know like well well which is kind kind kind kind kind of rare. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm trying to record record record record record before somebody try to come so uh okay uh get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and and and and and well um okay okay my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have have have have have loved Advocates keeping it raw well um I mean um and real on Womanhood culture culture culture culture culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about you know okay I mean okay scientific scientific scientific scientific scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting well you know know know know know so uh this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known known known known known truth because I so well like I mean said being a mean and a sample sample sample sample sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and views and views and views and views views views views views and uh uh like well opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any any any any any are not automatically endorsed by um uh um you know us? Okay now now now now now okay now okay now okay now okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, 86, 86, 86, 86, so like um like I believe I can never keep track its right right right right right broker. I was right like I mean you know so. Yeah. Boom one one one one one boom one boom one boom one boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already already already already already typed in there wait for uh uh okay like your intro on the the the the the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's well that's well that's well that's that's that's that's that's well that's well uh um um extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in uh you know I mean like the maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm so I mean mean mean mean mean you know um up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like like like like like almost always so um um uh cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm warm warm warm warm muggy ish that weather that okay you know uh you know we're used to being known known known known known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's like it's like it's like like like like like it's like so like like I mean it's been positive degree temperature every day for the the the the the last I think week something like okay like like you know that. Well, it it it it it well, it well, it well, it well, it sucks here so good for you wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it whether it whether it whether it whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This This This This This well so uh okay episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual sexual sexual sexual sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for okay um I mean uh children under 13 13 13 13 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's okay so um um gone home home home home home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air you know know know know know well I mean um and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic arctic arctic arctic arctic tundra broken um so uh I mean up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to to to to to have a friendsgiving with your roommate um I mean um so you swap stories stories stories stories stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late like well so I I I I I mean enough that the idea of a walk to the corner store for more more more more more chips and well okay I mean like jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice, choice, choice, choice, choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line um I mean mean mean mean mean like you know. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with with with with with hot dogs for uh uh you know I mean everyone. Oh, those oh, those oh, those those those those those oh, those oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at at at at at the space amusement okay like so so park is one of my favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was like hurry like uh uh so Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin Franklin. You might you might you might you might you might want to cool with that that that that that funnel cake. We all we all we all we all we all know are uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean uh you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I definitely remember that okay well okay okay because you're the only person I I I I I know who loves funnel cake more than I do uh okay uh I mean mean mean mean mean Franklin. Yeah. Good old good old good old good old good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting down the top well um so you know 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years years years years years in today's episode we go back to the Year I mean you know okay um um um um um 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was acquitted on two two two two two counts you know well okay okay of murder, but he also had another trial trial trial trial trial two years later if you enjoyed the like so so I mean episode be sure to to to to to come back tomorrow for more shocking sports events from history on our well well well well well well um you know March. Edna special edna special edna special edna special edna special as always always always always always you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your like you know I I I I I mean uh podcasts. Millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of viewers viewers viewers viewers viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of I mean you know know know know know well um ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew brew brew brew brew well like uh well ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just just just just just made me itchy. My name my name my name my name my name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last uh uh uh uh uh well well like few precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes becomes becomes becomes becomes unavoidable it blares okay uh well uh again and again when you can no no no no no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so I mean sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you you you you you ready yourself you um you know um uh scroll through ooh your data stream oh you you you you you think I have a dentist appointment this week I mean okay so uh as you you you you you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold you know okay like like like like like I mean programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the the the the the precise temperature well um I mean well you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees degrees degrees degrees degrees feels like but you remember it was okay like um like cold yesterday and dress dress dress dress dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas Havas Havas Havas Havas. And today we like so uh like have a very very special treat for for for for for you. Dr. Carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis and I well well well well well well like um sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex Multiplex waveform chronic pain like so um so and the future of neuromodulation. Now if if if if if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo like um you know you know know know know know Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he is the the the the the like I mean like well founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Pain Pain Pain Pain Center. And for the record uh um you know uh some Jenks Jenks Jenks Jenks Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his well you you you you you know okay I mean team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, dawg fam? Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt Health I mean so so so so so like okay podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of of of of of dialed Health, which you know like um um is strength training for cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit workouts you know like like like like like so uh are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore underscore underscore underscore underscore Austin in do thank so um like I mean you so much for this idea because because because because because he noticed that most of my um so uh so Programs and pretty much all all all all all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form I mean so um um um um um um of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it is it is is is is is it is it is it something that really okay I mean well so is better better better better better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're I mean like like like like like I mean well going to break down the science and we're also going to to to to to break down some reality so like you know um because you know, all the science science science science science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life um uh well so factors factors factors factors factors. I think I think I think I think I think so, we'll talk about about about about about both and then really why I choose um like so like to do them and and and and and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists okay um uh so so so so so. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And well well well well well so I mean uh as you can see, my energy is on such a different different different different different level than it was I mean you know well like for episode 1. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many well so you know well well well well well great compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app app app uh okay so you know today and get access to thousands of free book and audio audio audio audio audio book summaries on personal okay you know I mean you know development productivity productivity productivity productivity productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to so so so so so um I mean um work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead instead instead instead instead of hours. Go you know like okay okay to Quick read.com app and download our app app app app app for free today. Summary of the Fine I mean you know well um Art of small small small small small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated um okay okay okay okay okay um okay by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine deborah fine fine fine fine fine deborah fine deborah fine deborah fine was overweight shy and so you know like um um um um um often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was it was it it it it it was it was it was when her third so well um you know grade grade grade grade grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you've ever thought about you know okay like well starting your own podcast, but but but but but you're not really sure how to get started like you know um um um um um um. We'll anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use use use use use to uh I mean so I mean host this podcast. So if you you you you you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made uh um I mean I mean on anchor we just just just just just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just just just just just um um okay you know hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different different different different different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google I mean I mean well like Stitcher all all all all all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All um um um um um I mean you know well it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m m m m m or download the mobile I mean I mean well so app on your your your your your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate we appreciate we appreciate we we we we we appreciate we appreciate uh I mean uh uh each and every one of you guys guys guys guys guys listening to the show. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't do do do do do this I mean I mean so okay without you. So be sure at the the the the the end of the show to leave a review um so you know you know join join join join join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the okay like I mean mean mean mean mean okay pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's so today's so today's so today's so so so so so today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before but before but before but before but before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a you know know know know know um like so podcast. Let me let me let me let me let me explain explain explain explain explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit I mean um you know like your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so so so so so uh like like. So it so it so it so it so it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can you know um like like like like like uh make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make make make so I mean so uh a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app app app or go to so I mean so um Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody and welcome to the speaking for I mean you know well um the bag bag bag bag bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag um um um um um well so um. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe believe believe believe believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you have you have you have you have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you if you if you if you if you struggle to get your workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts in if you want to do some so you know well you know workouts workouts workouts workouts workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really I mean mean mean mean mean so um you know struggle to find the time or if you travel travel travel travel travel a lot then you need this plan so well I mean okay. Now, I've now, now, now, now, now, I've now, I've now, I've now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK UK UK UK UK. I'll repeat again like okay so uh. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home home home home home hit plan is a four-week plan which well well you know you you you you you know consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get get get get get like I mean you know um access to the audio trainer app. Which Which Which Which Which has all video tutorials of how to do I mean like I mean okay every every every every every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you know okay okay okay okay okay like um you might get a chair up some point, but very very very very very very very minimal equipment and well um well well stuff that you can find around the house house house house house. And so if you answered yes okay so like uh to any of them them them them them questions at the start go and get the planet is well so so um um um um um also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we we we we we um um um okay go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's just make this one on. Becoming I mean so so I mean extraterrestrial and and and and and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, I'll take take take take take okay I mean so um a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you you you you you know. Oh, here we go like uh so you know. My favorite guide guide guide guide guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, so you know well well well well well you know you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young young young young young uh well you know I mean child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in in in in in the living and while we you know so like okay watch WWE, so the the the the the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to well well well well well I mean well uh share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind kind kind kind kind of think it's kind of um well I mean well funny actually to be be be be be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you like uh uh um want want want want want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I um so okay okay okay okay okay uh dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my my my my my age that well so okay okay I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one one one one one of the dumbass fucking dating okay so uh like sites online dating sites Plenty Plenty Plenty Plenty Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake and we I mean okay uh uh uh uh uh you know all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to the the the the the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're so we're so we're so we're we're we're we're we're so we're so uh okay I mean up to episode 17 which has been a a a a a lot of fun and we're um like you know um certainly getting through these these these these these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a um I mean okay you know know know know know lot of different people. And today and today and today and today and today I have have have have have another very special guest who like um okay well goes by the Instagram handle of grand grand grand grand grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm well I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm well I mean okay so good, mate. Thank you for having me. No worries worries worries worries worries no worries no worries no worries no worries at all. It's it's a pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure. Come and okay you know okay okay talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end I mean mean mean mean mean okay uh well. Oh, no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation nation nation nation nation find your Saving well um like well Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, right, right, right, right, you know what? Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode episode episode episode episode is about it's okay I mean um okay about the coronavirus and and and and and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of Doc I mean um um um um um um you know season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There There There There There will be no um well I mean like more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really really really really really following that way like so so um gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't get a script shit, you know where else okay you know I mean um far far away away away away away where it takes us months to create new merch but it's well I mean mean mean mean mean um uh finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / / / / / bogomil new uh so like well March go get yours now. That's it. You You You You You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys are super cheap ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom ringcom. Doors uh I mean um well /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit shit shit shit shit together. We got we got we got we got we got that um okay um um um um um okay shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So So So So So fucking so fucking so fucking so fucking so fucking I mean well uh like much much much much much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many okay well okay like like like like like different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love Love Love Love Love it love it love it love it love it I mean I mean I I I I I mean um there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? now now now now You can get yours go. Okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess Tess Tess Tess Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess vigeland uh um okay like the host host host host host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're okay like well well well well well well going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team team team team team can stay uh like uh you know ahead of the curve the first episode of the the the the the think with um so I mean you know Google podcast drops on March 5th. You You You You You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen so uh well you know to podcasts. From Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm well so um um um um um um I'm going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember remember remember remember remember like I mean okay um but maybe don't know the details of okay, so last last last last last spring I went to I mean uh you know like a therapist because I I I I I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was uh like uh I mean mean mean mean mean complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential penitential penitential penitential penitential good stuff um so uh okay Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to uh um well well people much more interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also I mean like I I I I I mean so freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage mortgage. I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on I'm on the first amount uh uh uh uh uh uh uh so of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone. We We We We We were just discussing I mean I mean uh like how this is a test of of of of of your own medicine because you run around the world um like I mean well throwing my my my my my Mike's in front of people and go on. Give us so so um well a call directly directly directly directly directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody that answers questions. But like like like like like well you know uh here we are. So I'll give it give it my best best best best best real lovely you know well uh I mean. I also feel bad as well because obviously obviously obviously obviously obviously this morning you were on the uh I mean okay I mean road road road road road. It was on a phone in or do you have to go to you know know know know know okay well um Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So So So So So I was um okay you know okay reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Women's Women's Women's Women's Day events, and I was on really I mean um uh uh well well well well well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm uh uh uh uh uh okay um uh here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason reason reason reason reason why uh um well um you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This This This This This is a an amazing platform you know you know uh I mean for anybody out out out out out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting well so okay I I I I I mean room get your voice heard out there. So if so if so if so if if if if if so if you haven't heard about anchor I mean um like so it's it's literally the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's well so so uh uh uh uh uh free. There's Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from from from from from your phone well like well you know or your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can be um like I mean um heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not uh um um um um um I mean okay even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with with with with with no minimum listenership um you know uh uh. It's everything that you need to to to to to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the is the is the is the is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from from from from from today's guests um I mean um you know are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love love love love love is founder and CEO of the gradient a uh like you know okay creative recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand brand brand brand brand you know okay uh well side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a so you know well so masters at Harvard Bennett leads leads leads leads leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter uh you know know know know know okay like and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined joined joined joined joined forces a you know um you know okay few months ago and we'll be launching the the the the the gradient in the coming weeks. Here okay I mean like you know are a couple couple couple couple couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted okay um uh okay to to to to to start the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey just just just just just hey just hey just hey just jokes well like well I mean listeners before before before before before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to I mean um okay okay okay okay okay so thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way way way way way to so like you know well make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost cost cost cost cost any money. That's why we use it you know well like okay. There's a there's there's there's there's there's a there's a there's a there's a creation tools that allow you to record record record record record and edit your podcast right from uh uh okay um your phone and computer makes makes makes makes makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you so um okay okay okay okay okay I mean can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can can can can can make you know um like uh money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to you know I mean you know uh uh uh uh uh make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app okay okay okay okay okay uh so okay or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't don't don't don't don't know. Yeah, I mean well you know uh that works. That was good cool. I I I I I started I started I don't give a fuck well you know I mean well. I I I I I started I started I started I started I started sit the fuck down down down down down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a um well well well well well okay you know victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of of of of of the dark side so so okay okay Has Fallen Begun the Clone War War War War War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions well um so like. This is is is is is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling I mean mean mean mean mean um um well the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars Wars Wars Wars Wars on Disney plus I'm your um well so you know host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very very very very very uh well like I mean excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've and we've we've we've we've we've and we've and we've and we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in okay okay okay okay okay so okay well the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the the the the the reigning Molokai you know well I mean so to Oahu grand champion and probably one one one one one of the best foilers in the okay um well um world. He does a a a a a bit of everything. But the but the but the but the but the reason we we we we we wanted to chat you know so um I mean with him today is not just just just just just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done okay so you know well well well well well some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James James James James James Casey. Welcome like um you know well to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for thanks for for for for for thanks for thanks for thanks for having me. So I'm going to get get get get get here like okay well I mean. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for for for for for the bit of wind coming on the so okay you know um weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, I'm yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm really excited. It was it was it was it was it was looking okay okay okay okay okay um you know uh not so good about seven days ago and and and and and the forecast is swung around and I mean like well you know they grinding going going going going going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name name name name name is well you know you know like AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have have have have have a crew here today. We have Rebecca. We okay so well well have AC and and and and and we have myself. So we so we so we so we so we um, um, um, um, um, this is an interesting podcast because so so I mean okay this is going going going going going to be take two because we so I was sick two so okay well uh uh uh uh uh weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do one one one one one then well well uh like and last week we did a podcast and you you you you you always have to have that one uh okay well um podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing doing doing doing doing it well you know like um in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805 1805 1805 1805 1805. The men of Lewis you know like okay you know and Clark's Corps of Discovery Discovery Discovery Discovery Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri well so okay so River River River River River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the you know you you you you you know okay okay sleeping men were so exhausted. They had they had they had they had had had had had they had no idea an intruder was in their midst uh like I mean so so so so so. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison bison bison bison bison meat like um like like that had been hung up to dry. If it if if if if if it if it if it if it decided it wanted to snack on okay okay okay okay okay I mean well I mean some humans. There would there would there would there would would would would would there would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that that that that that you know I mean um so our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If If If If If you haven't heard about anchor I mean okay you know okay it's the easiest way to to to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools um um um um um well you know like that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer I mean so like well. I'm doing this ad from from from from from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will you know um you know I I I I I mean distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify I mean so you know like Apple podcasts and many more you can make money money money money money from your podcast with no so so um so minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't can't can't can't can't talk. It's everything you need to um well okay I mean make podcast in in in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F F F well uh so okay m-- to get started now back to the show show show show show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 okay um I mean so coming at you. We're hitting hitting hitting hitting hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our okay well like you know boys boys boys boys boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we okay so um well talk to you about how you can start and and and and and grow your hardscaping business in this well you know okay uh week. We are we are are are are are we are we are we are going to be tackling a marketing week. That That That That That means every day this okay I mean well so week. You are likely going going going going going to get an episode based on the topic of marketing. So I mean okay well well well well well okay we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is starting starting starting starting starting with today's episode like you know I mean you know is Mark Morrison. Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media uh uh uh uh uh I mean like okay and he's here to talk with us about acquiring the right right right right right type of Clients you know um uh well for your business not just any clients, but but but but but the best clients into your business. How well um um you know do I identify them them them them them and how to get them into your business as leads okay so you know know know know know okay and where to take it from there? So an so an so an so so so so so an so an awesome interview coming up well well okay you you you you you know with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our well well well well well I mean like uh interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is is is is is a business so okay um uh development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services services services services services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make make make make make well you know you know okay a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and like okay you know uh edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast well you you you you you know I mean uh for you. So it so it so it so it so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other so um um um um um well um platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and and and and and our listenership I mean so um I mean is everything you need to make make make make make a podcast in one place. Base download the free um well you know know know know know like anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started started started. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the node or well well well well well you know I mean okay a podcast is your host young row row the mayor mayor mayor mayor mayor holler at a player but I okay well okay uh got all scheduled for for for for for today. Is this what is this? I don't have really have a um I mean I I I I I mean uh topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the the the like well like okay podcast. So a so a so a so a so a big question question question question question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube well well okay okay okay okay okay so channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store store store store store okay um uh so and they want to know what they actually have to get get get get get done prior to launch. So kind like like well I mean of the technicality is is is is is right and this is outside of how to pick a niche I mean mean mean mean mean so uh so how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can can can can can learn more so like so um about on my free training over at Dropship webinarcom webinarcom webinarcom webinarcom webinarcom. I'll post I'll post I'll post I'll post I'll post a link to um you you you you you know um I mean that in the the description by the way Dropship Dropship Dropship Dropship Dropship webinar.com, but once you know okay um uh you know all that stuff and and and and and you kind of understand how to build the business then uh okay uh okay the question is, is, is, is, is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make you know okay okay okay okay okay okay you know that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you you you you you get your first so I mean I mean well sale? So I want to cover cover cover cover cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a I mean okay like okay okay okay okay okay couple different options you have and then let you know what I I I I I do and well like you know you know what I recommend so with that being said, said, said, said, said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a a a a a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a bad like so um I I I I I mean human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did did did did did I mean so so I mean two very much so good. Yes good. I I I I I was a safari I wasn't so hi uh um okay you know everyone. We are back back back back back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny um um um um um um um so. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good yeah good yeah good good good good good yeah good yeah good had a sizable break okay like so like. Yep. Yeah currently yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah currently yeah currently yeah currently yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or or or or or because you you know okay okay so had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It It It It It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our our our our our okay I mean like um lesson on English to tell you a little little little little little bit about something called anchor uh you know I mean uh anchor is actually actually actually actually actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So uh uh um so so so so so if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What What What What What is I mean well I mean I mean anchor anchor is a free free free free free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record like so well you know and and and and and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes you you you you you know so uh like your podcast for you. So I so I so I I I I I so I so I don't have to track down apple and I mean like like like like like well uh Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just just just just just kind you know I mean well so of click the button and it goes all all all all all by itself. You can make money from well uh you know like these podcasts right right right right right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've like like like like like I mean well well written for them so that I can make a little bit of of of of of money off of like um you know uh this podcast. That's why it's free, right? right right right right I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th so you you you you you know okay so episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the the the the the weekend preview show I mean like okay um. We are going to talk talk talk talk talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova okay I I I I I mean I mean okay at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Bryant Bryant Bryant Bryant Denver at Notre Dame uh so um uh Duke at Loyola cuse at at at at at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan um you know so okay okay okay okay okay Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this like um um um um um so like show here before I get into it as always be sure to like like like like like subscribe hit uh um so um the notification Bell and then go to lacks factorcom factorcom factorcom factorcom factorcom. You can get yourself some swag like uh so I mean t-shirts. We have all all all all all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every single you know so um uh day and and and and and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by okay you know know know know know well you know far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find find find find find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the deus ex machina and there's there's there's there's there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They so um okay I mean literally literally literally literally literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody uh uh uh uh uh okay you know so. Welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced spaced spaced spaced spaced apart my so well you know I mean words because Nick was saying I was was was was was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to uh well um um the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name my name my name my name my name name name name name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this you know okay uh uh uh uh uh I mean is my little kind of I guess you could say pod pod pod pod pod the caste. So um so um so um so um so um you know so so so so so okay I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in in in in in so okay I mean okay. We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, recording, recording, recording, recording, who knows so What like um okay uh is this podcast about well, let let let let let me tell you as you can. See the name well so uh okay okay okay okay okay is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and and and and and I'm going like so uh uh to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk let's talk about a statement I mean like uh I I I I I mean from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's it's it's it's it's an open relationship like okay well well with that. I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't I don't I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay stay stay stay stay tuned. Welcome okay um I mean I mean to the quickie and first before before before before before we get into the show, if you haven't heard uh you know okay um um um um um about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast and like like um you know I encourage you to make your own podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's free to well okay well I mean mean mean mean mean download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why um uh uh uh uh uh like uh not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools tools tools tools tools I mean I mean you know I mean that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone so so you know okay or your computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie bestie bestie bestie bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I um well so well have just some random random random random random stuff. I want I want I want I want I want us to talk talk talk talk talk about before we talk about like like so like okay life. So last episode episode episode episode episode we both talked about how we were reading the like so um um Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say say say say say okay like you know well anything in case you haven't read but we totally totally totally totally totally recommend it Shea tell me if so um well I mean you would rather rather rather rather rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - uh so so so so so well so if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock rock rock rock rock right now. I even went so uh so okay to his Instagram account account account account account. I don't follow him just to see if people were you know I mean you you you you you know so commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I read this this this this this but um like so I mean that bad it's not that bad. I went went went went went to his Instagram because I don't know in like okay I mean I mean my my my my my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here here here here here with uh so so I mean Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super super super super super excited to have her she's hilarious um um you know like. I think you guys guys guys guys guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and um well you you you you you know well I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here here here here here with Hannah I mean you know I mean well from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr Mr Mr Mr Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels so like well so like comfortable in in in in in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never okay well well well well well you know you know safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you so much like like I mean well for coming. I like I like like like like like I like I like I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because because because because because like uh so like I feel like you're what I would be if I moved moved moved moved moved to LA like like uh you know you know you're an east coast and and and and and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being uh uh um well such a workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see I see I see I I I I I see I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is what is what is what is what is up guys? Welcome to to to to to the Sasha T show. So for this like I mean okay you know episode This This This This This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we so I mean mean mean mean mean so you know do once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram. So I'm just I mean um okay um about to go live with him him him him him right now. And this and this and this and this and this is what what what what what you're going well I mean like so to be hearing. So if if if if if you missed the live, this is your opportunity like so I mean uh to listen back on on on on on it. So here we go. There he is now in so so uh I I I I I mean okay we're going to be able to get started in just a few few few few few seconds invited them to uh uh I mean you know I not connecting and there is is is is is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an like like like like like I mean you know you know embargo episode today. This has nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So I mean so well you know know know know know yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look Look Look Look Look uh um um like similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think think think think think the discussion at all previous like okay I mean uh Lisa is on a a a a a separate video. So quick so quick so quick so quick so quick background long premium Leisure Leisure Leisure Leisure Leisure corplan corporate okay um uh uh Channel 1993. I Wanna I Wanna I Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna Wanna I Wanna I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough McDonough. Here's you know um uh um where we are at this very moment. We We We We We know that in the United States the death like well so so toll has climbed climbed climbed climbed climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are based so like I I I I I mean um in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred occurred occurred occurred occurred. The so uh uh okay number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past past past past past a hundred you know you know like like. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases cases cases cases cases in Washington state alone. As I as I as I as I as I mentioned okay okay okay okay okay like uh well that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one one one one one the well you know well well nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case case case case case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who like um uh um had visited the Washington Washington Washington Washington Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome everybody here to another another another another another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah well like so um. Yeah the the the the the yeah the yeah the yeah the yeah the platform they will reason it up up up up up talk about things. You know, no you know okay like I mean rush rush rush rush rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some so so so so so so so you know things today we go get into it. And basically and basically and and and and and basically and basically and basically we go talk about the uh okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why why why why why well you know so I mean you have a Mac bitter truth to break break break break break it down and I'm going to well so okay okay get into it because a a a a a lot of people said, oh my God, you break um well uh you know down this this this this this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, well so you you you you you know like but I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We We We We We gonna um um you know okay talk about that. Also, it's also, it's also, it's it's it's it's it's also, it's also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know okay um well um about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with with with with with Hunter well so you know well all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson Bryson Bryson Bryson Bryson who is actually talk about but okay like okay so let's just say what he he he he he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came up well well you know know know know know like with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very very very very very proud like like I mean um of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm a like well um um junior here at BYU and I I I I I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which is very technical I mean okay okay okay okay okay uh so out. There. Are you are you are you are you are you you you you you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you you know know know know know you know well you know serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia so so so so so so I mean you know Airport with an air of confidence. He nodded he he he he he nodded he nodded he nodded he nodded warmly to the other pilots and I mean mean mean mean mean um I mean uh stewardesses as he passed and strolled through security with a brief brief brief brief brief flash of his security you know like uh um badge. He was a well-known figure figure figure figure figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight you know uh like uh uh uh uh uh Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to to to to to uh so um uh Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to to to to to offer free tickets to um you know um I mean all Pilots regardless of what company company company company company they worked for after a quick look at his PanAm you know um I mean mean mean mean mean you know ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly assured aboard aboard aboard aboard aboard the next uh like okay uh available flight Frank settled into the jump seat seat seat seat seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged he engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take please take please take please take please take your seats quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and ladies and and and and and gentlemen okay you know so uh and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme in Dubai subba, um so like I mean Lanka Rises to the top in in in in in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down you know uh um well on on on on on her career. Everyone and everyone and everyone and everyone and everyone and welcome to to to to to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans so well like you know know know know know for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're We're We're We're We're going you know um well well to be digesting the last couple of weeks on on on on on the ATP and WTA tours and okay like I mean so having a look. Was Was Was Was Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Professor Professor Professor Professor um uh like okay Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's the Oliver's the Oliver's the Oliver's Oliver's Oliver's Oliver's Oliver's the Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in okay okay okay okay okay like you know I mean Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Carlos, Carlos, Carlos, Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia you know I mean uh well and and and and and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named so um um um um um well so to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some some some some some topics I mean I mean okay you know rarely taught by professors professors only show show show show show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, so okay I mean uh but rarely rarely rarely rarely rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just you know well well well well well I mean you know to name a few join me each week as I dive dive dive dive dive into these topics and much well okay um okay more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's hi, it's hi, it's hi, it's hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to to to to to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs okay so uh well Beauty. It's not it's it's it's it's it's not it's not it's not it's not just lipstick its business. We will share a a a a a thought provoking conversations so um like I mean with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal goal goal goal goal our goal our goal our goal our goal is to empower motivate and and and and and inspire you um I mean so uh to take your business to to to to to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super like well well well well well uh so excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and and and and and interviewing like uh okay I mean Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup makeup makeup makeup makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada like you know like uh and she works on on on on on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and um um so so so so so um etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those well well well well well well well um things. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with with with with with her about okay you know I mean you know what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys well so so so so so uh uh. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now now now now now well okay okay um before this episode starts. I just want to give a quick quick quick quick quick announcement. So the you know well like okay title of this podcast is called catch catch catch catch catch open me at the time that I started so I mean I mean uh this podcast. I I I I I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought you know, what like catching catching catching catching catching up with friends. Just talking um like well like about random stuff, you know know know know know catch up with me sounds like a good like um well okay title. But then then then then then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I so you you you you you know you know okay started to figure out what the theme of this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast should be. So if so if so if so if so if you I I I I I mean uh um well know notice a lot of the things that we covered from from from from from the past few episode you know so I mean um is about mental health growing growing growing growing growing up and things we deal with as a teenager uh so okay so or as as as as as a young adult. So with so with so with so with so with that that that that that said the new title of the podcast like so uh uh will be basically basically basically basically basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this uh uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean podcast should be. So basically so basically so basically so basically so basically growing up up up up up is going to be having guess hopping onto the okay so you know know know know know so podcast and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the the the the the I mean you know um like upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your Boy tone and I'm your so like well I mean boy Brett and the the the the the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got so um well well well well well well a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then and then and then then then then then and then and then we're going to get into our um uh I mean you know know know know know AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So So So So So the only I mean you know like so real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life Life Life Life Life podcast little Daniel like um so okay. Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring staring staring staring staring at him. He's there he's there he's there he's there he's there on on on on on the um um you know okay floor and he's giggling every once in a a a a a while and hopefully going to let me you know okay I mean so so so so so do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I I I I I am going to talk so okay okay I mean about why we decided decided decided decided decided to buy an old house some of the questions that I I mean okay so so so so so I mean get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns concerns concerns concerns concerns and what to I mean uh um um look for if you are thinking about purchasing purchasing purchasing purchasing purchasing an old house and then make sure you know you know you know so to stay all all all all all the way to the end because I just started a new um you know know know know know so like segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I I I I I answer uh okay like um a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa Lisa mom of six and creator of um like so uh the blog and YouTube channel channel channel channel channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with you um okay well well well well well like my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the uh uh uh uh uh you know so well topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with with with with with my purpose in life um like you know uh. This is something that I I I I I think pretty much every man struggles with because the uh well I mean mean mean mean mean like reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not okay okay okay okay okay okay um um always going to feel like things are going to work out out out out out in your favor okay uh uh you know. You're not always going to feel feel feel feel feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going um I mean uh I I I I I mean to be really great and you're going to be full of passion passion passion passion passion and feel inspired. And you know like um like other days it's going to to to to to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and okay uh you know uh you're you're you're you're you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear ear ear ear ear I mean uh like well and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've you've you've you've you've embarked on or um I mean so um that business you want to build or or or or or that career you want to have like okay well so is just unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy I mean uh well well well well well well who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This I I I I I mean um so like is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 4 4 4 4 and like we you know I mean uh like have described in the last last last last last couple of episodes. We have we have we have we have we have have have have have a very high bar well like so so on the show. And this is the the the the the first show that we are doing in um um you know I mean the greatest month month month month month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated okay so you know know know know know you know it is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan fan fan fan fan the best okay okay you know so coverage that he or she can get on a a a a a regular basis and you know so okay so you think about the idea of of of of of transcending a space and you think about the great like so uh well speeches that we we we we we have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn I mean uh uh uh uh uh so um into office some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King King King King King during like okay okay okay his memorable life and that brought me on on on on on the ride over to the you know okay like like studio today to to to to to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the she's the she's she's she's she's she's the she's the she's the wife to uh uh uh um a motto and and and and and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison um I mean mean mean mean mean um so also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a a a a a names do okay well well I mean you get them all mixed up? She has has has has has a Bachelor of Science degree in okay you know you know so criminal justice justice justice justice justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee I mean mean mean mean mean well like um with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she she she she she and her husband served okay uh so like as executive pastors for South Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she however, she however, she however, she she she she she however, she um so you know um feels her greatest: is being a mother mother mother mother mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm so so so so so like I mean um here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is is is is is everything? How are you so like well okay dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you you you you you like just chilling in your room or well I mean I mean so you you you you you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is always like so so so so so okay well I mean you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the the the the the medium like well I mean like and together. We are we are we are we are are are are are we are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices so you know know know know know so um in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject subject subject subject subject of payment, I mean um I mean you know but I don't have I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle okay okay uh like what what what what what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can okay okay okay okay okay like well like I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are we are are are are are we are we are we are friends you know so okay okay from way back back back back back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us uh uh uh uh uh uh like I mean today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're we're we're we're we're coming from I mean okay I mean um San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally normally normally normally normally we are together today and feeling so I mean like well so excited to share share share share share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome okay well you know know know know know um to true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are are are are are so I mean well you know true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going going going going going to talk about like you know well like our story for a minute. Yeah, so so so so so we were thinking I don't care. How okay uh uh I mean do we express this? this this this this How do we what do we think of what we I mean I mean like like like like like okay title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like I I I I I mean okay okay I mean to encourage all of you to download download download download download the free anchor app or so uh well um go to Anchor Todd Todd Todd Todd Todd FM to get started on this. It has it has it has it has it it it it it has made it. So easy so easy so easy so easy so easy uh you you you you you know so uh guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy easy easy easy easy. If I had I mean like you know I mean only known it like five five five five five ten years before early because all I need to I mean um like so do do do do do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click so so so so so um well okay post and anchor will do all the job for me me me me me. It will publish it okay uh uh like in all the major podcast sides. You know know know know know apps that are available and I I mean okay so um do not need need need need need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys well you know so so so so so I mean. You also need to make use of it. If you have a okay okay okay okay okay well you know uh message if you have some come content, which you feel that that that that that needs to reach well you know like like out to the world or simply want want want want want to post something make sure you use you know like okay okay this mascara namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I uh so you you you you you know so have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very very very very very good. I like I like I like I like I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this I mean like so okay one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and and and and and share it on social media okay I mean I mean okay. If it's on on on on on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers okay you know know know know know um well dressage. Also if also if also if also if also if you're you're you're you're you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave okay I mean like like like like like um a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome so so so so so uh so um to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one this one one one one one this one this one this one is with the lovely Danny uh like like like like like well you know Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those um well well uh of the company and its management for their more more more more more the views and opinions of um uh well I mean the guests and the colors colors colors colors colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the so so um um um um um um management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict um like like like like like uh uh on but no by at go by in a module on barring barring barring barring barring you know I mean okay like my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Terra Terra Terra Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps I I I I I mean uh um like Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt Levitt Levitt Levitt Levitt. I've been running for well uh well well a few years now and have have have have have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on so like um okay my travels travels travels travels travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those okay well like um um um um um amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so so so so so you know you know uh you know much for joining today. It's a pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's start well okay okay um um um um um with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an uh like okay so so so so so athlete and also an educator. So I so I so I so I so I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you you know okay okay okay okay okay well I mean know something. What you know, you can't explain. But you feel it it it it it. You felt it um uh um you know your entire life. That there's there's there's there's there's something wrong with this world. You don't you don't you don't you don't you don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we we we we we well um like you know have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along along along along along with Dawn ready my so uh well you know best buddy, my best friend friend friend friend friend good friends of ours and both of them - okay well okay okay yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients ingredients to this uh um uh well major event coming up in April April April. Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th so I mean uh I mean 2020 the bear bear bear bear bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official okay so well I mean title. Basically Basically Basically Basically Basically like basically like basically like basically like basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's It's It's It's It's important part of the 24th through I mean like um like Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe 20 20 20 20 20 well like so you know along with D4. And today and today and today and and and and and today and today we brought in a special guest from way back uh okay okay okay okay okay uh um in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it it it it it is like I mean well you know. All right. So our special guest for today today today today today is Miss heart attack. So um so um so um so um so um like like like like like uh I mean what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? up up up up Afraid um so okay um yeah, long time no see yeah, it's been it's it's it's it's it's been a minute, right? It okay I mean um um has been a hot minute minute minute minute minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to okay like so so so so so you know check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we you know uh so like like like like like talked randomly and stuff like that. So not so not so not so not so so so so so not as much I guess for you and I um like so I mean mean mean mean mean but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been been been been been it's been it's been it's been it's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm you know okay you know okay always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always always always always always amazed with your hosting so uh um um skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening listening listening listening listening to you. I was tuning you out well well like like. I've already listened to you you you you you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have um like so okay okay okay okay okay a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really not really not really really really really really not really not really because we just watch the same um so I mean mean mean mean mean uh teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah like okay like so. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do do do do do I was listening back to like um so like the companion stream and you were like, like, like, like, like, oh, it's not that bad right on this uh you know uh okay pan. So So So So So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say um um um um um um I mean I mean I did not that bad. But what but what what what what what but what but what but what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig uh uh uh uh uh uh you know well into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah hiring happy with uh you know like um my selections about you. You were were were were were the worst I couldn't think of to um like so so like, I woke up up up up up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together together together together together so I mean you know okay on this leading-edge experience by saying to you you you you you that you really are the creator of uh well so uh your own reality and and and and and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans um um um um um you know I mean well that you are you are in the process of creating creating creating creating creating most of you two realities contrast you know uh uh like is causing you you you you you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source. In like in like in in in in in like in like in like well you know um other words. You are creating creating creating creating creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well okay uh like like like like like like being that you are and you are also in the process of creating the reality of of of of of like uh uh well how you feel right now this red hot minute and we we we we we want those realities um um well uh to merge and the only way that those realities realities realities realities realities can merge is for you okay so like like to come with us in other other other other other words because we're not going with you. We are not like well you know know know know know well going to complain with you about the injustices of your world because we we we we we see I mean well well well them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to due to due to due to due to the graphic nature of these these these these these crimes listener discretion is advised this like you know well you know episode includes discussions of of of of of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise I mean mean mean mean mean well well like Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old old old old old Alia ta was searching I mean um you know um through her closet looking looking looking looking looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she heard her phone so um um um um um okay I mean buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Michelle Carter asking what so okay you know okay she was up to Ellie didn't know know know know know the other girl very well. They um so so I mean had just started volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks um um okay uh earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied you you you you you know um so well to Michelle's message telling her she was about about about about about to head out to a party Ali thought you know so like so that would be be be be be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the the the the the Love well okay you know you know is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there there there there there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here. Here like okay I mean well. We We We We We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's it's it's it's it's oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi guys. So so uh I mean well good to to to to to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with blind. I Do's you know okay okay okay okay okay okay I mean The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is is is is is so um okay I mean that I don't know, but it did. It did did did did did feel good to have the family like okay uh I mean all back together together together together together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and you know so so so so so so like Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as as as as as them sure. We've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed we've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the the the the the past and is intended um um um okay to communicate such events to the public public public public public in a dramatic manner any reference to like well um like artificial or natural natural natural natural natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature and is not not not not not okay well um uh intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on on on on on the sequence I mean okay well so of events reported to the public and does does does does does not constitute an opinion statement I mean I mean uh so or recommendation by by by by by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites like like um uh uh uh uh uh have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion discretion discretion discretion discretion listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name I mean I mean I mean um is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its okay okay okay okay okay you know I mean um heroines week and every day we're telling you the the the the the story of a heroine start brushing on I mean okay um well the top top top top top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the chewing side each so so so so so well so uh to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women women women women women from history tonight's um I mean like I mean heroin is Sybil Ludington a a a a a brave hero who may have helped save America. We don't well I mean uh well well well well well know exactly what happened. But this but this but this but this but but but but but this is the story that people have told about well well so well what happened happened happened happened happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the United States the so so so so so well you know um British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with like like like like like uh I mean you know Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver driver driver driver driver assist Technologies. It's built it's built it's built it's built it's built to help help help help help you outsmart well um so okay some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the the the the the road. They're smart and then so uh I mean uh there's Street Smart the the the the the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the um I mean mean mean mean mean uh well Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in in in in in the like okay uh well shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was was was was was happening indoors inside a I mean so uh well small dingy house on the the the the the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant I mean um okay well well well well well was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she she she she she felt I mean you know well uh an evil presence enter the room. She'd She'd She'd She'd She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to carry the the the the the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life like uh well well well well well like through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host host host host host so okay I mean like Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through through through through through these conversations with people of diverse and uh I mean like like Divergent backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean like. And there is no possibility of certainty you can can can can can have a yes they did to well well so you know do to to to to to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe 40 40 40 40 40 years okay you know I mean so ago. However certain we were about them them them them them. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to like I mean mean mean mean mean okay I mean you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What What What What What you um okay well you know doing? Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Just thinking about these fucking okay uh well you know pervs. I know I I I I I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen okay um so um um um um um to two girls and one phone. What the what the what the what the what what what what what the hell are you guys thinking for you know so like like just just just just just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is well um uh okay okay okay okay okay. Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna just gonna gonna gonna gonna gonna just gonna just gonna just gonna catch up on some Netflix um uh uh uh uh uh uh okay. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has so so so so so so well so been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we we we we we talk about okay um so you know Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a a a a a cup of tea and which Tim not only okay um well you know claims. The Antichrist the the the the the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist the Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies identifies identifies identifies identifies him both are fascinating well I mean I mean so discussions. So, please enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may I mean I I I I I mean okay okay be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are are are are are there to be okay I mean like so found whether it's the normal the the the the the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the okay uh uh uh right place. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's go let's go let's go let's go let's go beyond reality Our Guest Guest Guest Guest Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including I mean okay uh uh the Antichrist in in in in in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that um okay you you you you you know well next. But before but before but before but before but but but but but before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If uh I mean so so so so so so you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when um um um um um like you know okay you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no there's there's there's there's there's no there's no there's no there's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is today is today is today is today is Monday, March 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This you know uh uh well well well well well is Dunedin. I want I want I want I want I want to thank thank thank thank thank you all so much for joining me on the well uh uh I mean mean mean mean mean call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on on on on on like I mean like well this morning. I'm just going to pray for your your your your your week. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just going to pray you know know know know know well uh uh for you on this morning and leave my South out of it it it it it I'm staying at so I mean so okay home today, which is unusual for me. Normally Normally Normally Normally Normally. I don't stay home from work, like well like I mean but I'm staying home today today today today today. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not feeling 100% but but but but but I wanted to um I mean um I mean make sure that I I I I I got on the prayer call before I went back to okay um um um um um well so bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate fate fate fate fate of so you know um I mean Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press press press press press releases and feature films Millions have tried so uh um well to stitch stitch stitch stitch stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you if you if you if if if if if you if you enjoy okay uh you know I mean these episodes on on on on on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast well like okay you know know know know know every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and and and and and okay you know okay like possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or or or or or wherever you listen to podcasts um um you know well. Midnight clouds flash past a a a a a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his uh well so like copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola Ebola with you know you know you know okay Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car eco-car eco-car eco-car eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear uh uh so so separately could've could've could've could've could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and welcome my you you you you you know okay well well hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Beyonce Beyonce Beyonce Beyonce Korea Ki baat uh like I mean I mean Karu to yeah, he shares this this this this this court is about basically making self. So skilled so skilled so skilled so so so so so skilled so skilled kid like um you know you know joab case Apna Apna manifest manifest manifest manifest manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are okay okay okay okay okay like like well there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or or or or or the Paranormal you're in like so um well the right place. Let's go beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm I mean okay okay you know really really really really really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic so so so so so well okay uh. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness awareness awareness awareness awareness if they're willing okay um uh uh to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's life's life's life's life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go uh you know um um of whatever stands in their their their their their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on you know well um um um um um like reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me me me me me back hug uh okay um I mean daughter of mine. You sound like you might might might might might be getting over something you doing? I mean like I mean well Okay. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a like you know okay I I I I I mean mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if if if if if you well like so you know want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple couple couple couple couple weeks ago. I reported I reported I reported I reported I reported that uh uh uh uh uh um you know like Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with with with with with a production crew Link in like so like you know the description and and and and and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was um I mean mean mean mean mean um well certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Claire Claire Claire Claire Crawley was I mean well um okay announced as next season's leading woman. So So So So So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming um um um like something weeks after after after after after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she um um um well has to be be be be be the winner of this season, right? Is there is there is there is there there there there there is there any other reason Maddie like you know well I mean would have been filming filming filming filming filming this is unconfirmed. But as but as but as but as but as of of of of of right now I see you know um uh I mean no other explanation unless y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in so like um uh uh uh uh uh the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But I I I I I mean okay like like if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep deep deep deep deep dive on her earlier well so um okay today. So check so check so so so so so check so check so check that out on this channel and make sure you check check check check check out you know I mean like um our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 7 7 7 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife my wife my wife my wife my wife thinks I'm at the gym gym gym gym gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready um I mean uh you know for the the the the the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next um um um um um so well I mean speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine Brine Brine Brine Brine and the mother to Brielle and so uh well so Ashland. She works alongside alongside alongside alongside alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she um well okay okay okay okay okay I mean serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She She She She She serves she serves she serves she serves she serves on the okay I mean uh like committee committee committee committee committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and I mean mean mean mean mean so well like events. She has she has she has she has she has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a he's a a a a a he's a he's a he's a CO um you know well well chair chair chair chair chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some some some some some you know I mean like so prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most most most most most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre uh um well um. That's episode that's that's that's that's that's episode that's episode that's episode that's episode 22 and that's our most most most most most downloaded episode to date. We also talked to I mean I mean I mean okay okay okay okay okay Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canada Canada Canada Canada Canadian physical education like okay I mean um curriculum and episode 75. So the the the the the so the so the so the so the people who listen to our podcast seem to to to to to okay well I mean okay be interested in curriculum from different areas of of of of of the world. So we're going you know you know you know okay to keep keep keep keep keep finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast um um I mean you know. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, and welcome to difficulty class of of of of of podcast about all things Dungeons I mean you know so so and Dragons. I'm one I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one I'm one I'm one I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This This This This This week is um I mean well so a lie - man. That's right. And this this this this this week we are going to be talking uh so well like about creating character character character character character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering you know like uh uh uh uh uh I mean lesser questions again because we don't have any because we've been been been been been selected for any uh um uh like of them. So send those into difficulty plus gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom. We'll do it next time but okay uh um like before all that Ali Ali Ali Ali Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we well well well well well okay uh like started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been there okay okay like uh. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a a a a a lot so well um you know of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that that that that that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. Let I mean you know so like me explain it's free. There's creation tools that that that that that allow you to record and edit well um you know so your podcast right right right right right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you um like uh you know. So it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can um um um um um um well so make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything you need to um um uh okay make a podcast in one place place place place place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred on well like well like like like like like FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit so um um um um um like like on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, dang, dang, dang, dang, a board-certified okay well so like anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training training training training training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature like you know I mean you know weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford Ford Ford Ford Ford copilot so uh uh like 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist assist assist assist assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart well um I mean so some of of of of of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then uh well well well well well uh I mean there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, March well I mean I mean uh 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy Wendy. Allen a allen a allen a allen a allen a junior college uh well I I I I I mean like student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a a a a a ride uh well like so late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in in in in in a series of slayings now so you know okay well known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night talk talk talk talk talk um so I mean I mean for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the the the the the history series and also Snow ending with like I mean um um other work and and and and and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring and so okay okay okay okay okay like so now I always try to put together something as I mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned mentioned the other day. I'd only like so um so time I ever write anything down down down down down is Is there something going to shop a super work I mean well you you you you you know so for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they because because because because because they because they because they because they always write okay um so well a five five five five five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the like like like like like okay uh I mean liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, know, know, know, know, you can't remember like so okay you know what you're saying. So I have have have have have a text in front of me. So well uh well okay hopefully you you you you you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little well well well well well well um so bit of how we started with here on anchor and one one one one one of the best things you know I mean um so about anchor it's free free free free free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's uh uh like uh uh uh uh uh a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your um okay like like phone or the computer. It's as it's as it's it's it's it's it's as it's as it's as easy as that. So download the free anchor up okay okay okay okay okay I mean like um or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it it it it it out. It's going to uh okay well uh be Great. Hey, we're changing the the the the the title of this podcast to sick well uh so well parvis Magna podcast. It means means means means means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with uh you know well like people's people's people's people's people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have have have have have well like uh okay to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be be be be be some big movie star. This is this is this is this is this is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the Elevate main podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our you know I mean you know like website website website website website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me let me let let let let let me let me let me just ask you how many I mean so I I I I I mean so of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I I I I I can I can I can I can I see you know so you know know know know know um your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good good good good good. You like I mean like well how about those who do not want to admit admit admit admit admit their age 30 above so that everything well so like so is now since our topic topic topic topic topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you know okay you know know know know know okay you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you are you are you are you are you going going going going going to do stuff you want me to well you know like okay introduce you? you you you you Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already already already already already you already you already you already you already you know um um like like like like like know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, so so so so so guys, so guys, so guys, so guys, how's it going? Okay, so okay, so okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, so okay, so okay, so uh you know okay uh Logan's my little from McMurray, but but but but but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of you know uh well okay this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school we so so so so so uh well like went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for for for for for alumni weekend Don't so you know I mean I mean ask either of us why why why why why we had really don't have any other excuse okay so you know okay. Yeah. I I I I I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know why we going. All All All All All right guys before we jump I mean I mean so you know into this episode. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you okay you know you you you you you know you know haven't heard of Banker. It's literally it's literally it's literally it's it's it's it's it's literally it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything well okay you know know know know know well you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, what's up? It's running on on on on on sex. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a Brielle fancy fancy fancy fancy fancy seeing you um you know okay okay here today. I am I am I am am am am am I am I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and and and and and kind okay um um well of like dating preferences. So hey, so hey, so hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, so hey, so hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't you know know know know know you know so um really know what to say about myself, but I guess guess guess guess guess I go to school with well like um like a Brielle. That's how we met met met met met and I study social work and I consider I mean so okay so myself myself myself myself myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous um well um um um um um you know lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me me me me me polyamory is so um so uh the ability to love more than one person at a a a a a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if okay okay okay okay okay like uh um you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported reported reported reported reported so so you know so that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a a a a a production crew Link in the uh like I mean uh description and I along with with with with with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie I mean so I mean well well well well well was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because because because because because so I mean like um Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let let let let let so let so let so let so let me so like uh you know get get get get get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not you you you you you know uh so so the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this this this this this season, right? Is uh you know uh I mean there any other reason reason reason reason reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as like like uh I mean mean mean mean mean of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories so uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've I've I've I've I've got well so well like for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're you're you're you're you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did um so well okay a a a a a deep dive on her earlier today. So check so check so check so check so check check check check check that out on this channel uh um well uh and make sure you check check check check check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 okay so okay okay p.m. Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes it makes it makes it makes it makes you happy happy happy happy happy every time every time it goes on I mean so I mean well. It's It's It's It's It's just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music like like like like like I mean like well is a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never so uh like I mean met a lot of the the the the the three babies we have he is the one so like I mean I mean he is is is is is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the I mean you you you you you know so okay what is that and home pod? And he and he and he he he he he and he and he will point to it. I'll pick I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick I'll pick okay you know um uh him him him him him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music like like like like like I mean okay uh. He loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch touch touch touch touch it uh um well well like he will start screaming until he does the reason why why why why why we're talking about well so um like this as like, I was kind of of of of of in like a are we going? Yeah, um okay um uh we're going going going going going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah uh like um um um um um I mean. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a a a a a little like I mean okay um peeved right now. We just we just we we we we we just we just we just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda I'm Amanda I'm Amanda I'm Amanda I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're we're we're we're we're sisters and this is the one eye open I mean okay I mean mean mean mean mean um. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we we we we we are once again you know uh um so calling in because we will will will will will not we can't see each other at the moment okay you know okay well well well well well. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we have a a a a a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against okay well like um um um um um the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're um um um um um we're um we're um we're um we're um okay um I mean here. We're here here here here here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours I mean you you you you you know uh so top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and and and and and I not soccer he plays okay you know I mean um hockey and baseball baseball baseball baseball baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I um you you you you you know you know well play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to to to to to start off? All right. All right you know uh okay um. So I'll so I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first first first first first injury from way so well well well back when I was in eighth eighth eighth eighth eighth grade. It's written it's written it's written it's written it's written soccer and this this this this this one. This wife you so you know um you know this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and um um um um um um okay okay I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could could could could could just well uh like uh keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your your your your your heart come chat with well I mean like well us about Jesus prayer community and and and and and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth hi Beth hi Beth hi Beth Beth Beth Beth Beth hi Beth so uh I mean well. So good so good so good so good so so so so so good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it it it it it since so you know like okay last week when we recorded together. That's right right right right right Jenna. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited to introduce sister sister sister sister sister on used so like um I mean to say welcome sister. Thank you thank thank thank thank thank you thank you thank you thank you so much Beth. It's a delight to to to to to be with so I mean okay you know you. I mean, it's a delight delight delight delight delight for me. I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm just thrilled to to to to to see you again you know so um so because we were together and Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland Ireland sisters. She just she just she just she just she just raving about you you you you you. I almost thought I'd uh uh I mean um be replaced and her best friend friend friend friend friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading um um like okay faster than the coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony um you know okay uh uh uh uh uh Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it I mean uh uh uh uh uh like um or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to another. Oh my gosh gosh gosh gosh gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if it well like well so and I I I I I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that like like like like like I mean uh I mean in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your you you you you you know uh like uh host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where where where where where people wanting to discover more uh like like um about spirituality where we can get get get get get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age uh well so well stuff Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will like okay okay okay okay okay so I mean be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In In In In In other shows will I mean okay okay um have guests to open up New New New New New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me on um okay like okay this this this this this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really you you you you you know you know you know like looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy energy energy energy energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have have have have have okay you know so you know a business but with Airbnb and gets worse worse worse worse worse because you have expenses. If you don't have uh uh well well customers you will will will will will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here's like like um like like like like like what to do. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're not getting bookings bookings bookings bookings bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make your okay um well uh offer offer offer offer offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you more bookings okay uh uh uh uh uh um I mean and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red into into into into into well well well well the black with your air B&B. This is this is is is is is this is this is this is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated uh uh uh uh uh uh uh um and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back are being so okay well well well well well so the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going going going going going to order them and okay so so well level of difficulty / a level level level level level of commitment or permanence. Some of these are uh uh I mean I mean going to to to to to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be a couple of small you know know know know know uh like well changes. Some of some of some of some of some some some some some of them will require some deep thought some might even require a little um well well well well well well okay bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this like uh uh uh uh uh so well episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and and and and and abuse that some people may well uh uh okay find offensive. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly well so uh like was was was was was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The The The The The whole the whole the whole the whole the whole thing I mean so well well well well well okay was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was the the the the the I mean like okay uh big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response response response response response. He said he said he said he said he said Lisa you're you're you're you're you're like uh uh I mean involved in a murder. Lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa lisa lisa lisa lisa rolled lisa rolled lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client client client client client well like uh you know had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not not not just well so I mean so what we get to Define. Its how God God God God God calls us to himself. He is the uh you know um okay more more more more more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't I don't I I I I I don't I don't I don't know what you know uh okay so you're you're you're you're you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more that that that that that makes um I mean so well sense. Us be us be us be us us us us us be us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a special well well well well well so um uh extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at at at at at my name well uh well uh is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Father Father Father Father Andrew Strobel. This is this is this is this is this is not a okay um um um um um you know like podcast about cats. It is it is it is it is it it it it it is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is this is this is this is this is Holy Family School of faith faith faith faith faith. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's let's let's let's let's begin in well okay well well the name of the father and the son and and and and and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called okay uh um like a mind all those those those those those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by which so um um um um um you know well we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life life life life life as our happiness placing you know I mean like okay all our trust in in in in in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but on I mean like uh uh uh uh uh okay the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive strive strive strive strive for um well well like Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which which which which which is possible but not yet uh well uh uh guaranteed. And there and and and and and there and there and there and there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope Hope Hope Hope Hope first and active I mean um okay you know pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you if if if if if you if you if you if you like like uh I mean haven't heard about about about about about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast well I mean mean mean mean mean um like. So let so let so let so let so let me go go go go go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's you know um I mean mean mean mean mean so completely free to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and and and and and edit you know like um uh your podcast right from your phone or computer. So So So So So it's really really easy to do um you know uh I mean. Do anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean okay okay okay okay okay so I mean podcasts. And so and so and so and so and so many many many many many more you can also make money from your podcast with no uh okay um um um um um you know minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you you you you you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this this this this this is um uh so I mean our podcast. I wanted to thank you for for for for for joining us today. I prayed this word you know okay well so increases your your your your your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God through okay okay okay okay okay uh uh um Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't can't can't can't can't go with this like so so you know one. Can you is it it it it it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it is it is it is it it it it it is it possible um well well okay for you to give me the scripture? I I I I I just quoted second chronicles 7 and you know um um like 14. We're going to finish finish finish finish finish this series the series next time next Sunday. I want to you know know know know know I mean well so I want to do this. I got to teach teach teach teach teach this word and I'll okay like like so be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio you know know know know know you know okay I mean experience. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of of of of of the month today and which I well you know I mean you know really really really really really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of you you you you you know like well okay the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity opportunity. Thank the thank the thank the thank the thank the Lord you like you know know know know know like you know are here. There are so many people that didn't see see see see see out last month and you've well so like uh got to be grateful that you are are are are are here you are present you are able I mean um um like to make some some some some some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you know um like like like like like you know you can make a difference and I want you to see see see see see that as something Really I mean um so you know really really serious and and and and and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just uh I mean mean mean mean mean I mean um take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making making making making making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find find find find find out um you know you know um it's like well don't look at me Lucy's Lucy's Lucy's Lucy's Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good um okay uh well. Yeah. Yeah, very good now now now now now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing so okay um uh shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have Holly Holly Holly Holly Holly like you know you know so and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you you you you you both? Yeah for the good week so uh uh you know. We've been busy lots to to to to to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already well um uh uh mentioned we we we we we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles I mean so so so so so uh you know Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in in in in in Bloodshed. The summer okay I mean okay okay of 69 is now forever synonymous with with with with with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge so like I mean okay a a a a a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true I mean mean mean mean mean I mean I mean you know crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover cover cover cover cover a new topic well so um so like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the the the the the nation violent Mobsters like so I mean you know well John Gotti who gunned their their their their their way to the top and serial killers like like okay so so Ted Bundy who who who who who craved notoriety this week. We're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking back back back back back at the Manson so you know well I mean family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My um so so so so so like um name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things things things things things that I okay you know well uh wanted to do when I started this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is explore topics that I am interested you know okay I mean I mean in in in in in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is you know I I I I I mean like um Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do do do do do you get the well um um you know necessary licensing here in Dubai or the the the the the UAE? And what and what and what and what and what are some of the the the the the things that like like you know I mean somebody who wants to start an an an an an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business I mean okay um um um um um um which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created created created created created like so like you know nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert expert expert expert expert digital agency here like you know uh okay in the Middle East they work with with with with with local and international brands in so well like uh the Middle East some of which which which which which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal uh like you know I I I I I mean Julia shares with us today. Have you have you have you have you have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will will will will will learn you know so like I mean from stories experience trials and errors to to to to to live a more measured life with less cussing well like um uh unless absolutely necessary necessary necessary necessary necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth I mean mean mean mean mean well well well Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and and and and and friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad uh well okay uh you have an old old old old old friend. It's true. They say they say they say they say they say wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom wisdom comes with age well uh okay well. Not always the case. Do you say say say say say that? I don't know who said that I you know like I mean uh heard heard heard heard heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I um you you you you you know uh um have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 probably 20 20 20 20 20 probably 20 probably 20 probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin begin begin like like um so in the name of the father and the son and the holy holy holy holy holy spirit. Amen was well well like so called a mind all those we promise to pray for for for for for. I think the most like like I mean well exhilarating truth is that that that that that before the world was created God already had you and um like so so so so so um I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan plan plan plan plan of you know well so okay history that no other person can or ever will will will will will take we were designed for well so like uh this role and only we we we we we can fulfill it and if we don't no one well I mean like uh will will will will will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike you you you you you know well so I mean. God saw a specialty in US eternally, it was was was was was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce I mean well well well to you you you you you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that well you know know know know know I mean um we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting wanting wanting wanting wanting to make um um so so it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his his his his his baby to the world. So um um so uh here we are welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind so like like like like like you know I mean of just want to talk give you an Insight of of of of of you know, what like like you know well made us start this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and how we know each other and who we okay um well I mean are are are are are individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so so so so so yeah, okay I mean uh um it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope hope hope hope hope you guys liked getting to know us well so I mean uh. I'm so without further further further further further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it is it is it it it it it is it is it anyway, I'm Andrew I mean so um you know colvard. Elmer Elmer Elmer Elmer Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I um I I I I I um I um I um I um okay uh uh think you guys are going to to to to to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in you know so I mean you you you you you know the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally Exceptionally Exceptionally Exceptionally Exceptionally. Well I mean uh so uh really good. So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll so I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good well like so so so so so so good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a a a a a gripe I mean um uh so about the results of the presidential draft. So So So So So we're so we're so we're so we're so we're just going to get right okay well well well well well well well into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel like like like like like you know okay okay Festival selections going today free now, which is the the the the the first day starting off with like you know you know um grade 1 1 1 1 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me give me give me give me give me me me me me some prices on now, we've like um okay uh currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to to to to to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our so uh okay uh home at 9:00 to to to to to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr like I mean so so so so so so. Fisher still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article um um um um um well um well samcro. To one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed confirmed. He's well I mean um um RSA band Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art art art art art for teens reserve tank for uh um you know you know teens melons 16 16 16 16 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a I mean like like like like like uh okay race. I've looked I've looked I've looked I've looked I've looked into into into into into much myself personally as in going for a horse so so I mean okay to the the the the the back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably so um um um um um I mean uh safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV talk I I I I I mean um I mean I mean now. We were off last week. Really do really do do do do do really do really do really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize. I I I I I so you know you know like know we had so many people hit us up saying where where where where where is the after show? uh you know uh so So we figured on the week off? off off off off We're not actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, uh I mean you know well ha ha ha ha ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a good night. So So So So So well so well so well so well so well well well I mean what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first first first first first podcast of um um uh like the of the app speaking for the bag bag bag bag bag. Yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in yeah, in other words I mean so uh uh uh uh uh so Natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an an an an an accident. I didn't um okay you know uh know how to work anchor the the the the the app. It was an accident. I thought I you know well so well was was was was was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press um um um um um uh so um the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and and and and and set up for you know uh uh like the past. We Yeah, we Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we Yeah, we Yeah, we Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of of of of of okay well you know like record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just so uh okay okay okay okay okay uh can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me me me me me so I mean I mean like give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering okay uh I mean well well well well well why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in in in in in okay you know so okay no way shape or form in any. Any circle of of of of of any group of people you know so I mean so and popular I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it like uh like like like like like well. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school school school school school 16 year old girl. Just try to I mean well you know you know figure figure figure figure figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody like like like like like okay so well that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got just got just got just got just got to get up and tell tell tell tell tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell like um so I mean that devil devil devil devil devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil like um um um um um um well who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the the the the the head um uh okay okay of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I I I I I am I am I am I am I am free from the law law law law law you know well I mean well of sin and death. I am far from oppression oppression oppression oppression oppression and the enemy cannot come near okay you know um you know me. I am born of of of of of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I Am Without well um so um um um um um Blame before him in love. Love I love I love I love I love I am am am am am in right standing with the um um so so father. I have I have I I I I I have I have I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that that that that that surpasses uh well so like all understanding greater is he that is in me than he he he he he that is in okay well um okay the world. I have received the power power power power power of the Holy Spirit. I have put up okay you know so okay okay okay okay okay the old and put on the new I have been given and it's been given okay okay okay okay okay um okay so to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all all all all all my needs. According well um I mean I mean to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like I like I like I like I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all all all all all okay um like you know the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over over over over over the past couple weeks I mean okay well um. This will not be one of of of of of those. This is this is this is this is this is going to be a well well well well well well so you know nice long discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which which which which which means it's uh uh like um probably To be more than one episode episode episode episode episode at least two episodes for us to so like okay well get through all all all all all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm so you know um you know good. I'm excited that. We got we got got got got got we got we got we got Michael join and ask because he's going to uh I I I I I mean um so make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go go go go go on right well I mean so you know Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good good good good good Josh and can't thanks for having me so you know okay okay on Nam im im im im im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius well well well well well like I mean uh. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal federal federal federal federal court today nearly 70 years after the um um okay well trial the rosenbergs guilt guilt guilt guilt guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to like well okay uh uh uh uh uh today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering covering covering covering covering the like I mean I mean okay 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg Rosenberg their actions against the US were well uh um okay considered. So heinous FBI director director director director director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the um okay um I mean crime of of of of of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This This This This This I mean I mean I mean uh podcast is about business Behavior. And And And And And the Brain on this show. I do a few like like well like things. I I I I I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview uh okay okay okay okay okay like uh authors of books. I enjoy I enjoy I enjoy I enjoy I I I I I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering like okay okay okay okay okay okay you know your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the the the the the podcast page on okay okay I mean so iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask ask ask ask ask me a question by leaving a so okay uh I mean review. I promise I I I I I promise I promise I promise I promise to read it and Possibly include your question question question question question a future episode. So well well I mean you know please ask me anything now enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit um I mean well so me me me me me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Janet Janet Janet Janet Choi I mean so uh well for near and far.com meditation like any healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while I mean well you know um um um um um the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod. Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin Maffin from you know okay so well engage Q digital today. Your Facebook your Facebook your your your your your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you think you know um um um um um um okay HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube YouTube launches a you know I mean uh um very new helpful measurement tool tool tool tool tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting um you know uh like like like like like other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam minster blam blam blam blam blam minster blam minster blam minster blam okay I mean so I mean. Here's what you you you you you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer um um um um um you know well uh does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels pixels pixels pixels pixels like those all-important like um like so tracking pixels from the social platforms platforms platforms platforms platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control so well okay uh. So imagine imagine imagine imagine imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing uh okay so so so so so you know on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack unpack unpack unpack unpack I mean I mean um you know everything from Hardware to software in the the the the the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that like uh I mean you know you you you you you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode episode episode episode episode is brought okay well okay uh to you by anchor when we decided decided decided decided decided to create a podcast. We wanted to I mean okay well like figure out out out out out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they uh okay okay okay okay okay I mean I mean give you everything you need in one place for free and and and and and you can use okay uh well well it from your computer or your phone phone phone phone phone. There are a couple things we really so like okay uh like about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit I I I I I mean I mean I mean uh your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that that that that that you'll be heard everywhere okay I mean um um and they have some ways for you you you you you to make money on your podcast with no okay you know so you know know know know know minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your okay okay okay okay okay uh so well very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children okay well well well well well um like. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note um um um um um I mean um like. The Story You're about to hear is not a direct direct direct direct direct retelling of any single I mean uh uh so myth about leimia. Today's episode combines combines combines combines combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories you know okay um like like like like like and lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke dawn broke dawn dawn dawn dawn dawn broke dawn broke dawn broke over the misogi OC okay like um well gentle gentle gentle gentle gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child child child child child like so okay so named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been been been been been a last-minute decision some exercise uh uh uh you know squeezed in before today's boring boring boring boring boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy Andy Andy Andy Andy uh you know well I mean on which means we are answering your your your your your questions Andy, how are you? I'm well so okay like good. Thank you. How about about about about about yourself? I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay the last couple of of of of of days my back so you know uh you know was much better. But now it's it's it's it's it's really bad again might have been because I well okay uh you know try try try try try to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean I I I I I mean I mean I mean I mean like um uh so are you I I I I I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as I mean um um um um um like okay you see you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not not not not not to well well uh um treat legs. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've I've I've I've I've learnt from that so well so uh. I've definitely not as soon as it it it it it feels better again. I will be doing the um like uh uh same thing, but I I I I I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So you know know know know know like okay so fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal now if you know you know uh um you don't be a good good good good good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody um um um um um so like so our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And And And And And we okay uh I mean well have a special guest from The Discord kale the the the the the vibe Checker. So kale. What's so so okay like your what's your Vibe right now now now now now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your okay so uh like like like like like Vibe? I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had just just just just just had just had just had just had a long I mean I mean I mean mean mean mean mean so day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with uh uh uh uh uh well I mean I mean the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With With With With With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop well well well well well pop well pop well pop well pop well uh like I mean star. Gary Glitter Glitter Glitter Glitter Glitter gary Glitter gary Glitter gary Glitter gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls girls girls girls girls in Vietnam. Welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh welcome uh like you know know know know know I mean to today and True Crime app are cast original due to to to to to the graphic nature you know uh so I mean of today's crimes crimes crimes crimes crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under okay you know know know know know okay like 13. Today. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 61 61 61 61 years old well I mean you know uh who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside you know uh uh you know Villa. Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what you know know know know know like um well a time what a time to be alive. So happy happy happy happy happy New Year. It's officially um well you know like March and if you don't follow follow follow follow follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches uh okay you know um um um um um. Really do celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring spring spring spring spring okay you know um I mean is coming up. Can you believe winter is almost almost almost almost almost over? You know, it's funny because okay okay like well winter I was just writing writing writing writing writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep okay well um so transformation transformation transformation transformation transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, hello everybody, welcome to another another another another another episode of reality Roundtable I am your well uh um okay host Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is well you you you you you know uh like Josh character. He's the he's the he's the he's the he's he's he's he's he's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South uh um um um um um I mean uh University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like like like like like to tell us some uh like well okay of those other things too when shots were were were were were characters character character my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your you know like well I I I I I mean host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing like you know know know know know um I mean I want to go over today is a fortnight hype hype hype hype hype night and height night plus I mean I mean you know well in Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter 2 season 2. This is this is this is this is this is a a a a a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all like like so so so so so so operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's hallelujah, it's time to prove your your your your your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me let me let me let me me me me me let me tell you a little um um uh you know bit about anchor if if if if if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make um I mean um you you you you you know a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to to to record and like like so well edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer and anchor will distribute your um so you know I mean podcast for you. So So So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more well um okay okay okay okay okay I mean you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything you need so um okay so to make a podcast in one place. Download Download Download Download Download the download the download the download the download the free anchor up or go go go go go okay well um you know to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is is is is is episode or of the game I mean uh well so chat pod cast I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is today is today is today is today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this this this this this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of uh okay uh you know the United States States States States States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome okay I mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering covering covering covering covering the Supreme Court's decision um well so well not to hear an appeals case for for for for for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back to the okay uh you know like like like like like morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in Texas Texas Texas Texas Texas. Richard you richard you richard you richard you richard you know okay I mean mean mean mean mean you know Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme okay um uh uh uh uh uh well Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August August August August August 20th, 1910 Forest so okay okay I mean ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of of of of of young volunteers were clearing brush on a well like okay I mean ridge above the the the the the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun okay okay uh uh uh uh uh you know was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front front front front front lines okay so you know you know of an effort to combat. Thousands of thousands of of of of of thousands of thousands of thousands of small wild fires blazing along the you know you you you you you know okay well northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his his his his his comrades in the like like like I mean newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared cleared cleared cleared cleared swaths of forest to Halt the um um like um fires, they were overworked and and and and and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the you know like um um um um um well situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views the views the views the views the views and opinions expressed by by by by by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect so you know you know well well well well well those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of of of of of the you know so you know so guests and the colors do not reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect those of the DJ's the regular program I mean um you know okay the management and and and and and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on so like you you you you you know well but no by at go by in a module on my adding adding adding adding adding my uh like well you know messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo Drogo Drogo Drogo Drogo. Nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to to to to to say I mean um um uh but don't have the audience. Well anchor well well well well well anchor well anchor well anchor well anchor is here for you. So break that like like like like like um like um mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free free free free free anchor has uh okay I mean well simplified the podcast World in three easy easy easy easy easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They like I mean um so do do do do do all the work for you. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the the the the the only opt out there that lets you know okay okay well you create create create create create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are okay um um um um um um so you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing together growing together growing together growing together growing in Faith Changing communities communities communities communities communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus um I mean like you you you you you know after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets gets gets gets gets up and you know like okay okay he goes to the mountain to pray to to to to to be with God to be with the I mean you know uh I mean mean mean mean mean father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father in well well well well well okay so okay prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to to to to to him and okay okay I mean well he says to him we've been looking for for for for for you and Jesus says while I so well um so needed to be with the the the the the father but also need to go somewhere else. They something so okay uh like like like like like absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the attitude attitude attitude attitude attitude of Jesus in uh I mean uh like picking the day. He begins begins begins begins begins it by being with God the father in well okay so uh prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be uh uh uh uh uh uh so like talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and and and and and I would be your host well um I mean like for the session session session session session. So let's get started. What is what is what is what is what what what what what is programmatic advertising? You might okay like you know okay have heard this term. If If If If If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic so okay okay okay okay okay uh I mean advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this this this this this automation makes I mean well um you know transaction efficient and more effective streamlining streamlining streamlining streamlining streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in okay I mean so okay okay okay okay okay one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 25 25 25 25 years American well uh um uh global Awakening to the New World War II II II II II American artificial intelligence American. Do well do well do well do well do well you you you you you know okay you know you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree mr mr mr mr mr. Tree mr. Tree mr. Tree mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody um um um um um everybody um everybody um everybody um everybody um well you know I mean Dave bahr, bahr, bahr, bahr, bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going it's going going going going going it's going it's going it's going you know I mean okay you know on everybody everybody everybody everybody everybody. Finally got finally got finally got finally got finally got this freaking OBS to work work work work work pain in the butt well well like uh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah my hallelujah my hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I I I I I got on Instagram um well you know uh live last night. We have some some some some some issues got on their hopped on had a couple I mean uh uh uh uh uh okay uh of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their their their their their so okay uh like the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is this is this this this this this is this is this is your so like like so Checkmate your Bohemian guide to to to to to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today you know um uh you know. I I I I I suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times times times times times mentioned well you know I mean like in all sorts of contexts. It It It It It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't really mean that you you you you you should after reading an article go okay I mean I mean uh. Hmm But But But But But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to like so uh uh say say say say say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just critically about okay okay okay okay okay I mean so well the things that you receive but critically about everything to be be be be be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the the the the the history okay well you know you know of song titles. It is it is is is is is it is it is it is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I I I I I mean uh um okay well give me a better song title than that. That's poetic poetic poetic poetic poetic. It's from it's from it's from it's from it's from PJ Harvey so I mean mean mean mean mean okay well on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's It's It's It's It's also like so you know like a number for 31. One out of five five five five five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the orig the orig the orig the orig orig orig orig orig the 500 okay I mean you know you know with Josh Adam me Myers, but but but but but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys like uh okay I mean for joining me me me me me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list so um um um um um um I mean of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times times times times times that I look over like uh so I mean this list to see what's coming coming coming coming coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those all those all those all those all those in those in those Endeavors Endeavors Endeavors Endeavors Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting um you know so um real soon soon soon soon soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants pants pants pants pants uh I mean uh so AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock cock cock cock cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls so like so okay AKA ATC AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if I did so so so so so okay so you know. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last last last last last week. Apparently the I mean so um like sound was a little off and and and and and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and and and and and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with like so well so me David David David David David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly uh uh like uh uh uh uh uh. And of and of and of and of and of course Tom Ward Ward Ward Ward Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very I mean okay you know know know know know so well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting counting counting counting counting okay well like you know down the top 31 Sports scandals of the the the the the past 31 years in 1996 week, um like you know I mean one of the Summer Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park okay uh I mean you you you you you know. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with like like like like like okay well okay nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right right right right right here every day so um uh um to our March Madness special listen. On On On On On Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July July July July July I july I july I july I july I mean you know like well 27th 27th 27th 27th 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and and and and and the energy I mean uh uh I mean in the city was buzzing at Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack you know like you know you know jammed on on on on on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division division division division division you know uh you know uh two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am am am am am Bond diesel. I do so well um um division stuff such as this podcast. I do do do do do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on okay like you know uh diesel and and and and and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to dictionary.com word of the day day day day day. It's March 1st in our word of the so you know uh uh uh uh uh so day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the eat eat eat eat eat despite so you know okay I mean its french-sounding pronunciation. You may you may you you you you you may you may you may actually know the meaning of this word. Even if if if if if you uh so I mean well haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like like like like like and is related to you know you know okay okay a handful of other other other other other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it It's a well I mean mean mean mean mean like uh noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as as as as as in the aspiring painter was you know uh well like a habitue of art galleries galleries galleries galleries galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits places uh okay you know uh of of of of of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you you you you you um okay uh well a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are we we we we we are we are we are we are discussing okay like okay uh communism in the the the the the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited so you know okay okay okay okay okay so to get into this work. But first but first but first but first but but but but but first of all, we'll go through and do you know okay uh like our names names names names names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite like like you you you you you know you know cartoon is. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and and and and and I really liked that uh uh okay so old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You You You You You know, the one where they've got the you know well okay so main employees like like like like like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy you know so so so so so you know well and a lot of fun. My name my name my name name name name name my name my name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, hey baba, hey baba, hey baba, hey baba, local park at how how how how how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 at well okay I mean mean mean mean mean okay a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip Skip Skip Skip Skip well well uh I mean at a matter of a dock on a proud proud proud proud proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original peasants like you know like well. They tally tally tally tally tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by the like I I I I I mean so okay transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, well you know I mean um but she is spending some much-needed time with her her her her her little boy Rider, but today's topic so you know I mean um is going to to to to to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always this information like I mean like like like like like um on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any any any any any condition. It's uh so uh so for information purposes only and a platform to share share share share share personal experiences. Please seek advice from your Healthcare um so uh so professional. Before making making making making making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes uh you know so so so so so you know podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv tv tv tv tv top um well uh okay. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be be be be be here. Welcome to the after Bush uh you know okay so show for 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and you know you know know know know know you know I mean I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host. We have Linda ants I mean um like so we There's a lot so prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a like um so okay question for us us us us us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing so uh um um um um um uh providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of of of of of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Rho Rho Rho Rho Graham you know uh well well with black with black with plants and we're we're we're we're we're relationship with plants and we're here today uh well uh you know on the the the the the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have you know um uh uh uh uh uh uh this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a a a a a very fluid open like well uh um conversation and to real you were talking a a a a a little bit with me about your like you know I mean okay body embodiment and and and and and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak about um um um um um I mean uh um and so my question for you just to get right right right right right into it because I want um well well well to leave time for all all all all all the juicy juicy. Understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is understandings is my question question question question question for you like I mean um like is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here here here here here okay like like um and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using using using using using anchor well uh I mean um for our podcast. We love it for several several several several several reasons. Number one. It's totally well okay you know like free. Number two. There are creation creation creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit um well I mean so your podcast from from from from from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your um I mean like you you you you you know podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many other I mean um well um platforms number four you can make make make make make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything okay you know um um um um um okay you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free free free free free I mean okay okay okay anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad well you know know know know know okay like and Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he he he he he come so um well so from? It's a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover crossover crossover crossover crossover episode for a very important reason well uh uh uh. Yeah, we've all gathered gathered gathered gathered gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother like so uh like listen listen listen listen listen to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good good good good good that's good that's good that's good that's good well you know so um. That's That's That's That's That's good. So we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we we we we we get into like you know well uh Addresses when I get this out out out out out of the way a quick plug or big you know I mean okay I I I I I mean plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want want want want want you to okay okay well I mean like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So So So So So we so we put up the Kahuna per I mean you know um you know know know know know episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear I I I I I mean okay so I mean from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance guidance guidance guidance guidance rather well uh okay okay than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety because at the end of well I mean okay I mean the day, day, day, day, day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just has so so so so so so okay well to be full full trust full full surrender and know that that that that that you will be legio okay like uh uh be guided to exactly where where where where where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability disability disability disability disability become so well well uh you know taboo? So I speak to you the the the the the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness like uh so um influencer and and and and and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be you you you you you know so well I mean disabled or to have a disability. And also the way way way way way that the World perhaps okay uh so um disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities disabilities that were born with may do uh uh like uh which might seem like a a a a a confusing concept. Act but act but act but act but act but it's basically the idea idea idea idea idea of you know so I mean well ableism and how the world is set up up up up up for people who are able-bodied as so uh okay uh opposed to those those those those those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was was was was was uh so I mean you know so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think think think think think it's a really interesting conversation. I okay okay um uh really hope you enjoy it as as as as as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome uh uh uh uh uh well uh I mean to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name my my my my my name my name my name my name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay so you know uh I mean Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in in in in in a hotel room in just on you know like okay uh the outskirts of Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a so you you you you you know um well lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a a a a a small um um uh so range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy energy energy energy energy needed by every living cell uh uh okay I mean. If there is not not not not not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose I mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean um levels are too high. This can have a negative impact impact impact impact impact on osmosis, which like like well I mean is the movement of water between cells by by by by by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows well um well uh through the pancreas. The body body body body body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood I mean I mean mean mean mean mean you know like glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas pancreas uh uh you know uh releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and and and and and muscle tissues detect the presence like you know um well of insulin these convert the the the the the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose uh like okay um um um um um that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until until until until until the like so you know uh pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the if if if if if the if the if the if the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different um I I I I I mean like like episode today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave cave cave cave cave on Divani on you know you know I mean like his total Bitcoin show. So So So So So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins so I mean uh uh uh uh uh okay super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin a uh um I mean well lot of great people on a show really really really really really interesting format and had a great like okay well well conversation with them. So I I I I I thought I'd share with you guys here as like uh I mean well well just just just just just to note the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth well well well well well I mean you know I mean issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, places, places, places, places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive so um okay you know. If you want to follow follow follow follow follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and uh well well well well well like I mean his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of like well well well well well like you know March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets markets markets markets markets surged in the well uh so so morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to to to to to the table with a rate cut the uh like like okay bank of Japan announced early early early early early in the data. They would be starting a new round I mean so I mean you you you you you know of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut cut cut cut cut the well well you know okay cash rates by half a percent. Oh for for for for for the big Banks quickly passed on the okay you know okay I mean right cut cut cut cut cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump donald Trump donald donald donald donald donald Trump donald Trump donald Trump uh well okay uh tweeted shortly after urging the federal federal federal federal federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the like um like okay Federal Reserve Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points uh I mean well well well well well um. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast okay uh I mean I mean in this week. We are on episode episode episode episode episode 13 of To this is the secret okay okay like like today. We We We We We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew Pinsky you know know know know know okay um I mean and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in in in in in the mid-2000s right now okay I mean uh uh and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views so so so so so I mean um I mean or comments participant skip any personal experiences or or or or or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, um like um like but I I I I I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you you know know know know know uh so um came on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Kiya Kiya Kiya Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast like well you you you you you know um go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and and and and and opinions discussed in like okay okay okay the podcast. Do not reflect the the the the the views and policies of Spotify or the producer like so well um and curator of of of of of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it uh like like like like like uh like Brittany American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it it it it it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm well I I I I I mean well um your host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle and like okay like well Taylor here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the like so so okay Mississippi State State State State State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did did did did did uh okay well so and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they they they they they got up big well um uh like early and then they squandered almost every every every every every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and I mean okay so you you you you you know then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they so you you you you you know well so didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and and and and and most of the time like like okay so they were up by like six or or or or or something like that but it felt comfortable in um I mean you know like like like like like South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a um um um um um uh um um lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as as as as as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject matter you you you you you know so okay uh including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may it may may may may may it may it may it may not be suitable for everyone discretion is uh like like like like like uh I mean advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something something something something something about sex uh like like so with an adult. It's not it's not it's it's it's it's it's not it's not it's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to to to to to them. This um okay well you know is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made made made made made by activists on a so um like like mission to make public public public public public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was one uh so okay like way way way way way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors uh well well well well well well I mean like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim so so so so so okay like um at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be be be be be covering today starts um uh uh you know with GDC 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch TechCrunch TechCrunch TechCrunch TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue uh so I mean you know Emerging Markets Markets Markets Markets Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games um okay okay okay okay okay you know so industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series series series series series GT LED like well okay okay By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? uh I mean so like All right right right right right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, one, one, one, one, well well so uh right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can can can can can sorry so start with updates well uh you know like and I've got three three three three three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout uh I mean you know you you you you you know out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast um um um um um okay like well. I'm Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are we are are are are are we are we are we are talking about what we I okay you know well um um um um um like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view view view view view um uh I mean so and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano mano mano mano mano this week. We will uh well I mean uh also of course do our wine wine wine wine wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this you know okay well well week week week week week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just just just just just like well like um um exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers winemakers winemakers winemakers winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old old old old old so like you know um Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended intended intended intended intended to Swindle her family so uh um you know out of their Fortune Fortune Fortune Fortune Fortune. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to today and true-crime a par par par par par cast original today. We're you know well well well covering the abduction and forced forced forced forced forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring you know so so so so so well uh politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go go go go go back to a lady's I mean you know okay uh boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My um um um um um my um my um my um my um um like so name is Denise Ferguson from from from from from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and well so like I mean mean mean mean mean we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of of of of of uh you know well you know Secrets of a salon owner, which is is is is is all about funny stories that focus of us okay I mean well um have have have have have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are are are are are I mean well okay um going to bring to you all of the funny stories stories stories stories stories you guys Us so you know well well uh if you've got any funny funny funny funny funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the like okay like well email address address address address address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the uh so um um um um um okay first story? I will I will I will I will I I I I I will start with my first two because these are the okay you know I I I I I mean um these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called okay um um um um um um well three days later, which if you know us we are are are are are the days with three so so um you know beautiful boys and this podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home uh um uh like whether whether whether whether whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this this this this this is um um I mean like Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because because because because because Every day almost every day. I you know so so uh get a text text text text text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend that's going you know I mean mean mean mean mean like so through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them them them them them your way or you know like like okay I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And well well well well well and well and well and well and well I mean um so this segment segment segment segment segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in I mean mean mean mean mean well so I mean mind. I do I do I do I do I do do do do do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were I mean you you you you you know I mean you know born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with with with with with Western astrology. And so if uh um like you know you simply Google the the the the the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of uh so well well well well well so information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way way way way way to put it okay well so so simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin I'm Robin I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Robin I'm Robin I'm Robin ups, but I'm I mean like so uh joined joined joined joined joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled like uh I mean mean mean mean mean um bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr mr mr mr mr. D'andr I mean you know like well Alpha. All right. But this story comes from from from from from Lori McKenna me that we all well okay okay um know Lori mcmenamy's I I I I I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in okay I mean mean mean mean mean so well the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick sidekick sidekick sidekick sidekick okay um you know you know on or near the do I not like that that that that that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good well uh you know I mean guy. This is is is is is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show show show start brushing on so you know I mean like the top of your mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each I mean you you you you you know you know you know T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the the the the the story of a heroic I mean you know um um woman from history. Today's Today's Today's Today's Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be treated well uh you you you you you know so fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up up up up up in California and okay you know like well a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous Dolorous Dolorous Dolorous Dolorous. His father worked on a farm helping to pick like I mean like okay the fruits fruits fruits fruits fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working like like like like like like uh you know student. You grew you grew you grew you grew you grew up up up up up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt shalt shalt shalt shalt okay so so uh not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant maidservant maidservant maidservant maidservant nor like uh uh um his cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are are are are are given quite exclusively um I mean so um to the Jews nevertheless in part part part part part. They also concern us for they do not I mean okay um uh interpret them as as as as as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden um you know um um um um um like above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done done done done done um well um okay or not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two two two two two Commandments in um um I mean um order that it be esteemed as as as as as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and and and and and where you know uh well okay the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the the the the the fabulous short story lamb like I mean like well to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will will will will will it will it will it will it will be discussing plot characters setting okay okay okay okay okay I mean okay um conflict in irony in the short story lamb to the the the the the slaughter. This book this book this book this book this book was written well um um um um um I mean um by the prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died died died died died in um you know uh uh 1990. He is most famously known for writing writing writing writing writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The well like okay I mean BFG and Matilda Matilda Matilda Matilda Matilda. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, okay so you know you you you you you know let's talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her her her her her okay okay so I mean house for her husband turned from work. It seemed to to to to to be a normal night for uh uh you know you know mr. Millhone, but he he he he he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to to to to to say I mean so like okay that you guys have been awesome. Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone Everyone has been amazing with the comments with the so uh okay so reviews reviews reviews reviews reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I uh okay uh uh uh uh uh um wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but but but but but I wanted you know you know okay like to thank everyone again and all the the the the the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the okay okay I mean so two two two two two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their like like like like like okay you know uh opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from from from from from Fargo. You guys have so okay I mean uh been amazing. I've been I've been I've I've I've I've I've been I've been I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year year year year year I mean okay um I mean. So a good five months almost or or or or or more than five months you know well you know uh. I'm not really sure sure sure sure sure but I think I need to take a break. I've um so okay so so so so so been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone I mean okay uh okay. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk talk talk talk talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody okay I mean uh I mean and we'll hear hear hear hear hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move hey move hey move move move move move hey move hey move dirt that like uh so you know they don't make Bulls Bulls Bulls Bulls Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin like okay like you know know know know know Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this this this this this episode like well uh well of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on on on on on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did how did how did how did how did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have have have have have okay okay so okay been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is is is is is Sean Stephenson. That's um um like like a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly silly silly silly silly talk sports here. And we're back so like well so. Once Once Once Once Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around like well well well well well uh so another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on on on on on your Friday arvo well you know uh um little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob you know you you you you you know uh well Thomason. We're back we're back we're back we're back we're we're we're we're we're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop don't stop don't stop stop stop stop stop don't stop don't stop just keep going so well so like. Hey want want want want want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks uh okay so so so so so uh. We actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we it's we it's it's it's it's it's we it's we it's we started this and well uh you know like like like like like we were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for for for for for Creative so so uh so outlet and we've actually had a lot of people people people people people we don't know listen to it and well um I mean you know people reach out out out out out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for for for for for the first um um I mean you know time. So thanks so thanks so thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks so thanks so thanks for caring if you want to send us an email email email email email where he okay I mean well um would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have have have have have any thoughts so far if you want so well I mean um to critique us tell tell tell tell tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to to to to to you know I mean um okay tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's you know well so so the easiest way to make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools okay I mean uh uh uh uh uh uh that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or computer uh okay so I mean. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so so so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple um like uh you know. Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything well okay so you know you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app app app app app um so like I mean or go to Anchored on FM to get started started started started started. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the the the the the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted well you know know know know know like um to take a brief moment today to let you know about about about about about the easiest way well well um I mean possible to start your very own own own own own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having so you know so um a a a a a service to host and distribute the show as well as software so you know know know know know um uh to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host host host host host the you know um okay like packet a podcast and have a distributed to to to to to different podcasting platforms while also using different software um well I mean okay as as as as as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need you you you you you know so okay okay to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from from from from from my computer tablet or okay okay um okay cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives gives gives gives gives us the opportunity to make money with no so I mean like you you you you you know minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about well well well well well like so so using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic. We're We're We're We're We're um so okay you know going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters meters meters meters meters cheater cheater pumpkin so like I mean uh eater. Liar. Liar pants per per per per per hire. It's on it's on it's on it's on it's on fire Patrick. No, No, No, No, No, it's / higher like well um well. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we we we we we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where I mean um um um um um I mean so are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want I want want want want want I want I want I want to thank you. As if like so so well well well well well you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome welcome welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is this is this is this is this this this this this is okay uh so I mean episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that that that that that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just like uh I mean okay so so blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all you know so I mean mean mean mean mean uh of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode episode episode episode episode 48 like well like I mean and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one one one one one of his favorite subjects. You so okay well uh can't have both you have to make make make make make a choice. So I can't wait to get uh like you know well started. This This This This This is my business partner. Mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec mr. Alec Alec Alec Alec Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 uh like so you know Alex signs, 23:20 23 23 23 23 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship so uh you know you know know know know know at the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other other other other other I mean uh you know you know businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, been, been, been, been, you know more fortunate and blessed you know uh I mean like to be on this this this this this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love I love I love I love I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I well well well well well uh I mean well want to thank you for your support and listening to each each each each each episode and um I mean okay so I hope you enjoy this one. If If If If If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way like you know so you know to make make make make make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit like so well okay your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you I mean you know okay like. So you can be be be be be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you know well okay well well well well well you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to to to to to make a successful I mean uh you know you know podcast download the the the the the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every well so so so so so you know well touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 10 10 10 10 times the you know okay well well value that they expect will comes to mind mind mind mind mind is my book The Five AM Club okay you know um I mean. I spent spent spent spent spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote I rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote rewrote I rewrote it over 50 well I mean you know like times every line. I I I I I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is so so so so so okay okay um your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money money money money money management, and you know um uh okay I'm the lead portfolio manager for for for for for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode like um well so was going to to to to to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things okay like like like like like you know like that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio portfolio portfolio portfolio portfolio update episode. Obviously, well I mean like uh we have the coronavirus and how we're managing managing managing managing managing our portfolio to talk about We've got like um um you know Bob Iger. He's He's He's He's He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar I mean so so so so so like you know purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed expressed expressed expressed expressed in this podcast for I mean like uh so those of limb Bush and do do do do do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money uh I mean uh like Management, Management, Management, Management, Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private um um um um um well I mean I mean accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a a a a a mmm. Mr. Bush mr. Bush mr. Bush mr. Bush mr. Bush and I mean mean mean mean mean I mean okay uh employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that that that that that when well like um I mean Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous that people are going to start running I mean okay so you know know know know know after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I don't know know know know know like um you know you know. I think it's in the souls souls souls souls souls of our DNA. We believe that there is this life we you know so um um um um um um can live that that's just a little bit further than where we are that if if if if if um you know like uh we get enough power we can we can live this this this this this life that is extraordinary you know okay well so. And and and so Way we we we we we think about this as we kind of got if okay I mean um uh uh uh uh uh I can give all of myself and be disciplined enough in that career or or or or or well okay like um that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then Then Then Then Then maybe I can get there like I mean well you know and be extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you you you you you. I think I think I think I think I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is is is based okay like okay okay on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available available available available available on the Pentecostal Publishing House like you know I mean I mean and youth youth youth youth youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in um um um um um uh you know so your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with with with with with him. Remember your I mean um okay you know daily devotion matters. March 6th 6th 6th 6th 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through um okay um well 3 3 3 3 3. So all so all so all so all so all the congregation lifted up their their their their their voices and cried and the people wept I mean so so um that night in in in in in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and okay well I mean mean mean mean mean so the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys guys guys guys guys know that our uh uh uh like podcast is supported by anchor. That's That's That's That's That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's okay like okay I mean the the the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools okay well well well well well you know well that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone phone phone or computer. I'm you know so like I mean doing this ad from my phone phone phone phone phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry like sorry like sorry like sorry like like like like like sorry like well so so your podcast for you. So it can be heard on on on on on Spotify Apple podcasts you know like I mean I mean and many more more more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership well um I mean um um um um um. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you you you you you need to make podcast in one place like so well so download the free anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to um you know so so get get get get get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a a a a a treat for you know like like so episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy I mean you know um um um um um I mean from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you are you are you are you are you a mom looking for some some some some some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on okay okay you know so the ups and downs downs downs downs downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and well uh um okay a a a a a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're well you you you you you know so I mean looking for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the the the the the thick of I mean okay um like it show. I'm your host Louise Clark Clark Clark Clark Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your um I mean okay well well well well well parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been like so so so so so I mean well there done that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things things things things things that I haven't I mean so you know I mean experienced firsthand. I created created created created created this podcast because I just love to help moms uh uh okay like like like like like like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it you know um okay um um um um um and find a way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always always always always always writes after like I mean so uh they get out of school about how they couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't do their taxes and how they I mean I mean so well well well well well wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach them them them them them you know okay so okay do their taxes what you were taught that that that that that in school. It's called it's called it's called it's called it's called basic math math math math math you know well okay okay in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you you you you you how to add and subtract numbers okay okay you know well. That's That's That's That's That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you uh okay okay okay okay okay so uh add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught taught taught taught taught how to like like so okay follow directions. There's directions there's directions there's directions there's there's there's there's there's directions there's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read read read read read like I mean I mean so them. You read those directions and you follow follow follow follow follow them. So you so you so you so you so you were taught that in in in in in you know so okay I mean school that was in elementary school the the the the the fact that you can't follow directions so so I mean like and do simple math doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It I mean like like like like like like well just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has has has has has this has this has this has this has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may may may may may find um uh I mean you know offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children children children children children under 13. The small wooden frame um you know you know you know of of of of of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and and and and and um you know okay like echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Mother Mother Mother Mother Leeds was in labor with like like I mean well her 13th child. No Midwife Midwife Midwife Midwife Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that I mean okay well like she she she she she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched watched watched watched watched like like like um on in horror from the corners of the room. She She She She She couldn't she couldn't she couldn't she couldn't she couldn't provide for another well like like like like like okay like this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The so um um um um um uh well world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his his his his his mother since so like um um I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay funny story like you know you know okay right last weekend. I went back back back back back home to dinner right then. My mom asked uh well uh so me a a a a a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly like like like like like so um okay a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that that that that that we're doing so okay uh you know this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's That's That's That's That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way um well so uh episode 31 3 a dress, dress, dress, dress, dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like okay you know um well well well well well the number for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest uh uh uh uh uh I mean um you know now. I know it's a lot of you who've who've who've who've who've been listening. I've been wondering okay so you know so when in this season I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have we have we have we have we have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in sitting in sitting in in in in in sitting in sitting in my hotel getting ready like you know you know well well well well well to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had had had had had a thought want okay you know I mean I mean to get out out out out out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning on fumes okay um you know okay okay okay okay okay these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message me on so so so so so like you know so one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a a a a a decision. They wanted like like you know um to make they were believing LPN LPN LPN LPN LPN who had been wanting to get into RN school and well uh okay okay okay okay okay well they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are we are are are are are we are we are we are doing episode 2 so well so um. First of of of of of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that okay so so so so so okay um last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney Sydney and I'm kind well I mean so well of branching out into Bill directing directing directing directing directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Andre and uh um I mean I mean with bedre, I I I I I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would so you know I I I I I mean uh classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an I'm an an an an an I'm an I'm an I'm an emerging artist. We uh okay um you you you you you know are all about doing Margot. Robbie is robbie is robbie is robbie is is is is is robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so okay um uh I mean mean mean mean mean I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write write write write write any I mean uh so you know writing. Yes. I'm Jenna I'm Jenna I'm Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna I'm Jenna I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video video video video video like uh um okay series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in in in in in today. First uh uh uh I mean off. Wow. What a crazy week in the the the the the sports card market and World. It uh I mean you know well has has has has has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a okay well well well well well um um lot of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All All All All All those cards okay you know uh um have gone up significantly. So let let let let let me break through those purrs with you because I think um well um um um um um you know that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I I I I I was talking about how um like well like Luca don't you just base prison prison prison prison prison PSA tens. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going for 272 $280 $280 $280 $280 $280. Now, this now, this now, this now, this now, this um uh well uh was was was was was February 27th. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and and and and and $500 like um like like. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright it's Alright it's Alright it's Alright it's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the the the the the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host like I mean you know uh any any any any any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm like I mean well um so pumped right now here with me. We have have have have have a we have g hi okay well um you know. Hey, how's it going? going going going going Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips uh so uh uh uh uh uh um. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville Asheville Asheville Asheville Asheville played podcast you know um like okay with the died saving gang. I'm Mason Mason Mason Mason Mason. I'm the referee for now and okay you know I mean so until eternity eternity eternity eternity eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran I mean like like like like like um I mean. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John John John John John I'm playing okay okay uh um Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book book book book book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's literally, he's literally, he's literally, he's literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey just just just just just hey just hey just hey just jokes listeners so so uh uh before we get get get get get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank you you you you you know okay like like our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast I mean like well uh. It's free. It's doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't cost any money. That's why that's why that's that's that's that's that's why that's why that's why we use it. There's a creation you know well you you you you you know you know tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right right right from your um um so I mean phone and computer makes it very simple simple simple simple simple and color distributes your pockets for well like so well you can be heard heard heard heard heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from well like like okay okay okay okay okay your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make uh like like like like like um uh a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go go go go go okay well okay you know to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know know know know know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back everybody to another episode episode episode episode episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely I mean so you know you you you you you know just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so so so so so much love you know um I mean I mean. It was really appreciated appreciated appreciated appreciated appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic. Which I I I I I mean I mean so like is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably probably probably probably probably why I asking you know like you know um like what in the world world world world world does not even know like what is my insecurities having uh uh so um xiety? xiety xiety xiety xiety Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and so um well well well well well I mean I feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just well well well well well uh well I mean one way which is like how you look compared to to to to to everybody else and like what you okay well okay uh do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights uh uh uh uh uh you know you know okay for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church Church Church Church Church of Jesus Christ of I mean uh okay okay Latter-day Saints. I'm your your your your your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being being being being being here with me this like um well so week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to so well okay well make this podcast. If If If If If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting um um um um um um okay you know. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows allows allows allows allows you like um uh okay to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer computer computer anger will um um you know so also distribute your podcast for you. So it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple so well you know um podcast and many many many many many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast like okay okay well well well well well all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap Pratap FM to get you know okay like uh started this week's lesson lesson lesson lesson lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going I mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean uh through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is is is is is to be okay I mean um I mean laying down on your back with your your your your your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can you can you can can can can can you can you can also like okay like you know do this in in in in in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to make sure um uh uh well well well well well that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if if if if if you have so so so okay your legs crossed and if you are sitting in in in in in a chair have your feet well so okay well Flat on the ground ankles lined lined lined lined lined up with your knees. So once you find either um so so okay you're sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find your navel I mean mean mean mean mean you know I mean like. So with your thumbs identify your navel and and and and and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top top top top top now okay I mean okay okay let the buzz. What is what is what is is is is is what is what is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after show show show show show well you know uh um. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode episode episode episode episode 9 fog of War. This is like I mean okay I mean the penultimate episode episode episode episode episode of this season things are getting so real and we have I mean so like like like like like um so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I am joined joined joined joined joined by I mean uh so uh two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We We We We We have Ashman what's up guys and to uh okay like like her left. We have have have have have a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes I I I I I mean you know like like. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my my my my my bathroom. You're glad you're glad you're glad you're glad you're glad I okay you know know know know know okay well guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle middle middle middle middle right guys, what um uh well you know did you think of this episode? This This This This This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy Boy Boy Boy Boy chat. Mmm uh mmm uh mmm uh mmm uh mmm uh well you know so so so so so. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today today today today today you get um you know okay I mean the pleasure of getting to know cat more more more more more. Oh cat is so great. I just want you know okay uh well well well well well to let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary complimentary complimentary complimentary complimentary people well I mean so uh I've ever met and she's absolutely talented talented talented talented talented and a quick learner. Her with anything like uh like um. I am am am am am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one okay so uh you you you you you know. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures lures lures lures lures the best because uh like um I mean full disclosure. This is the third time when when when when when you're trying my section and this is gonna like I mean so uh be the winner winner winner winner winner. Whoo. Okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you okay, you know like to to to to to keep it real here on trees Boy okay so I mean I mean chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real real real real real like so so like quick was just absolutely not no just try to to to to to see if I don't like you that um um well so much yet. Are Are Are Are Are you reading the same know you always you always you always had live uh so so so so so okay you know. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew had had had had had cast all I mean you know uh um about couples and the things they they they they they go through we are excited for today's episode. We've been we've been we've been we've been been been been been we've been like you know uh okay getting a lot of requests for for for for for people to clarify what it is. When we when we when we when we when when when when when we ask like uh you know well the other couples. We interview what Their Their Their Their Their Love Languages So today, we're going to uh you know like well be talking about Love Love Love Love Love Languages, what ours are and why we think they're important. But well so so so so so like okay before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and and and and and uh well okay uh subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps helps helps helps helps us out and I mean like you know okay We love hearing your your your your your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and hey and hey and hey and hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are so like well um you? I'm good. How How How How How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been I mean well you you you you you know so it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded recorded recorded recorded recorded. Yeah, so well well well and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really really really really really early. We did we did like like you know like. This is actually hints to to to to to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after uh well well well well well so you know your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit bit bit bit bit earlier this well so I mean uh week. Yeah, when he was here because of of of of of the way that you know, this Gus I mean um so uh could make it it it it it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record the okay like you you you you you know well actual episode. Typically. We like we like we like we like we we we we we like to record the intro this this snippet part without the so okay you know know know know know you know guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works works works works works. So usually we I mean uh like well recorded before the guest shows up this this this this this last step the set this guess we didn't um I mean uh you you you you you know have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast um um um um um okay you know well hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a a a a a it's a it's a it's a it's a One-Stop shop when it comes okay you you you you you know you know uh to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You so okay well so name it? They've got they've they've they've they've they've got they've got they've got they've got a way to distribute to it on top top top top top of that I mean you know uh well. They have editing tools baked right into into into into into the website makes life so much simpler you know uh um um back when I I I I I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to okay well okay you know know know know know know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the the the the the hosting um I mean okay well did I mention they're hosting is free free free free free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that like uh okay like you can can can can can make money download the anchor app or go to okay so I mean uh Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants tenants tenants tenants tenants on the Kyle well like okay you know Dempster Studios Network support this and other other other other other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster you know well I mean like Studios, you could could could could could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to I mean mean mean mean mean uh I mean you know hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a a a a a short okay you know uh uh favor. If you're interested in either of the the the the the two books that I have written and you know like well I mean mean mean mean mean I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious truthcom uh uh well uh. Books there. You can learn about both books one one one one one of which is free and you okay so so like can can can can can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and like like like like like well okay I mean how you can get it. I would really appreciate that that that that that. Okay, let's get rolling. What uh what uh what uh what uh what uh uh uh uh uh uh I mean um is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode. What is this okay okay okay okay episode 98 of the podcast if to left left left left left to get to a hundred. I'm trying well like well um to to to to to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't know uh like like like like like you know I mean if it's going to work out but I'm trying trying trying trying trying but that's good. It's going it's going it's going it's going it's going okay okay okay okay okay you know like I mean to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to rant a little Bit okay um well so and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two you're you're you're you're you're two you're two you're two you're two years old. And I and I and and and and and I and I and I love you. This is well like so okay okay okay okay okay fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's here's here's here's here's so um you know um your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody hi everybody hi hi hi hi hi everybody hi everybody hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun like um um um um um uh like to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is is is is is producer uh I mean so well Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were were were were were sick last for the last episode I mean um uh I mean. That's right. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we we we we we recorded it's actually you know I mean I mean like been a while since since since since since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because okay okay okay like like like like like we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had had had had had a nice okay you know you know well little break in between and now we we we we we have to catch up and record one like you know so you know well every week or or or or or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this you know know know know know you know okay I mean show. I love this show. I want this show show show show show. I hope everyone in the world you know you know um so listens to that's that's that's that's that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of so uh uh um um um um um people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is is is is is in I mean like you know well session and we're happier tuned in in in in in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is you know so so uh uh uh uh uh episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop scoop scoop scoop scoop okay so okay you know on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new new new new new guests writing me this week uh like I mean okay to chitchat about our our our our our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys um I mean like well. Hi. You You You You You to you to you to you to you to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb Caleb Caleb Caleb Caleb. I'm a sophomore uh so like um here at Denison. I'm from I'm from from from from from I'm from I'm from I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just so just so just so so so so so just so just an hour east of Campus so so uh like. I'm on the the the the the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am okay okay okay okay okay you know um well an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from I mean okay um you know Chicago. So So So So So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today you know know know know know well uh okay with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I I I I I were Dolph today um you know um well is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we we we we we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's I mean like okay um so so so so so hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on on on on on so okay you know I mean this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and and and and and Bounds that your dad and like you know uh um I could have imagined imagined imagined imagined imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this okay like you know know know know know well. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have have have have have to correct the okay so um so time. Me of me of me of of of of of me of me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the the the the the so um like well fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of of of of of your I mean um uh I mean personal development one tip at a a a a a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who so okay okay um also is our next next next next next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he you know um um um um um well you know is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would would would would would the mission of uh I mean you know well the charity is to give people people people people people the resources and accountability. They need they need they need they need they need need need need need to live with courage uh you know I mean um and honor. I'll get into into into into into more detail about because I said it would in uh um um um um um um uh the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to to to to to Alex's Mission promises are serious, so um I mean um and they shouldn't be be be be be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when okay I mean um um we we we we we mean them have a listen. So if so if so if so if so if if if if if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary uh um like you know A promise is a a a a a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will I mean so I mean mean mean mean mean well certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised so you know uh um. I guess there was a time. I think I I I I I think I think I think I think it was my 18th birthday that that that that that that uh I mean uh like I had a surprise birthday party, but I I I I I kind of got stiffed it out like you know well um a little little little little little bit the day up. But for but for but for but for but for the most most most most most part very few things surprise like like you know okay me. It is is is is is it is it is it is it is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples disciples disciples disciples disciples must. Have felt well I mean um so here towards the end of of of of of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in okay okay well well verse 19 following following following following following it says this and the evening of that first day of you know like so um um um um um the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of of of of of uh so like okay the Jews. Jesus came jesus came jesus came jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus came jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after uh uh uh uh uh you know I mean so he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants uh so so so so so so so for Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of of of of of March so I mean like I mean 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to gives gives gives gives gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 um like so I mean points points points points points or when a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return like like like like like I mean uh like to what we used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a a a a a little bit so you know like I mean of a bit of a turn turn turn turn turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit um so so so so so I mean so of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am am am am am Massimo like I mean like you know pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the the the the the City College of New York, and I will so like um you know guide you through through through through through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus so so so so so so well you know 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life and and and and and knowledge uh okay like like of the working of natural causes choosing what is is is is is in accordance with nature and well well I mean like rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do do do do do you know well so I mean a meditation for the blue river in China China China China China. Now water has the ability to carry well you know so you know information and and and and and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a uh so um um um um um so body of water by healing the water. We also we also we also we also also also also also we also receive this healing ourselves as our guy like uh you know uh. These consist consist consist consist consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will also receive receive receive receive receive you know uh so okay the healing. Now. I've been I've been I've been been been been been I've been I've been guided to create this meditation to help people in in in in in okay okay you know uh China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I well, I well, I well, I well, I already know my rant rant rant rant rant already know my rant of the week this um uh okay I mean week. Okay, we're we're we're we're we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, we're not even done with the I know you you you you you didn't watch the show, but I'm so so you know like I'm very upset upset upset upset upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've ever talked about about about about about well like um uh Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to to to to to walk in and the very last like I mean uh well episode. But anyways, I've been been been been been watching Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah like like so so so so so you know. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend had been watching it you know I mean so okay for the past two days days days days days. We were up till like o'clock in the you know um you know uh uh uh uh uh morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, you know so um uh she just she just spilled her drink her her her her her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in okay um um so Cameron and Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren. Although I although I although I although I although I do think Cameron. He gets he he he he he gets he gets he gets he gets a little bit whiny sometimes like uh you know know know know know I mean he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional man and but I mean okay uh like but he loves her very much. However However However However However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down today today today today today like um like okay. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest guest guest guest guest for the session of like like um I mean the copy that thank thank thank thank thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first um so uh you you you you you know and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we like like like like like so so like are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave brave brave brave brave enough on a Friday and I mean okay like so I've got got got got got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this well well uh uh uh uh uh I mean little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar bar bar bar bar called Holly house in like okay so uh Melbourne self American flavor to it. So So So So So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time time time time time out like well you know okay of your day to join us as we connect connect connect connect connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals okay okay I mean well to hear about about about about about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team well so so so so so I mean you know. Please note please note please note please note please note that that that that that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided you know I I I I I mean so well in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by by by by by defect McMaster University the degroote School so uh uh like of Business or our partners partners partners partners partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by the individual so um like like and we we we we we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to to to to to you about uh um okay so the anchor app. If you if if if if if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way way way to make a you know okay you know like podcast. Let me tell tell tell tell tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, well also, well also, well also, also, also, also, also, well also, well so like I mean there's a lot of creation tools that allow allow allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean well okay um right from your phone phone phone phone phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for okay I mean uh you know know know know know you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or well well well well well well well I mean any pod catcher out there. Another thing another thing another thing another thing thing thing thing thing another thing is you can make money from um you know like like your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required ownership required is everything everything everything everything everything you need to make uh okay uh you know a podcast all in one place? place place place place So check so check so check so check so check out anchor download the the the the the anchor app uh well you know okay or check out anchor dot f m-- they they they they they have all the information there for um um so uh you right there. So So So So So do it, you know, when you do the little uh like like so like clip clip clip clip clip or whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break okay okay okay okay okay um uh so part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add add add add add I mean okay like you know and then you do the thing and then we get back back back back back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken Harry uh okay you know um Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is is is is is currently 11. What's your um like you know so name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd where'd where'd where'd where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book like um you know uh that this time with with with with with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We I we I we I we I I I I I we I mean so like I mean are reading chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet Goblet Goblet Goblet Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things you know um uh well that I can't can't can't can't can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's okay uh uh uh uh uh uh so funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell you know um um um um um like um yes make the strongest cocktail. You can you can you can you you you you you can you can drink it with her. Yeah do that okay well like so so so so so. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her that's her that's her that's her that's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is is is is is you know well okay I mean Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us us us us us from last week's episode. We so okay okay uh completed the first half of the the the the the New York Times 36 questions to make you um I mean well uh fall in in in in in love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going like uh you you you you you know I mean to take a long time. So we so we so we so we we we we we so we split it up into two episodes like you know well I mean mean mean mean mean and here we are back for part 2. All right. So check out that one one one one one you know like okay okay first. We give a little bit more context context context context context and I think what we've determined is that I mean you know so like the questions questions questions questions questions are getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into okay you know I I I I I mean uh three sets. Definitely and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh um okay so well my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude dude dude dude dude. To duty. I so I so I so I so I so I mean uh uh uh uh uh um don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran ran ran ran ran its uh uh well um Barbara and yeah, it sounds like bopper bopper bopper bopper bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush you know like so like mush mouthing mouthing mouthing mouthing mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's well so well um um um um um favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive repetitive repetitive repetitive repetitive in so I mean uh um like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few afew afew afew afew months back. We did a call-in call-in call-in call-in call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is well uh you know so Tiffany Walling McGarity McGarity McGarity McGarity McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and well so uh so you you you you you our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call well well well well well well well um to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today today today today today. We'll like we'll like we'll like we'll like we'll like you know okay um um um um um hear a pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before so you you you you you know uh well. What does it pitch sound like before any revenues revenues revenues revenues revenues even before the product is built in okay like um um all the founder has has has has has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea uh you know so so so so so I mean could turn into a big business today on the show. What a a a a a pitch sounds so like I mean so like when all you have are a a a a a few scratches on the back of the you know like well like metaphorical napkin napkin napkin napkin napkin from gimlet. This is this is this is this is this is the pitch. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the okay so you know uh investors and Maya Bittner Bittner Bittner Bittner Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out she's out she's out she's out she's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper Harper Harper Harper Harper and join so um I mean um with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win okay um like like and seems seems seems seems seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you so so so so so well uh I mean back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be be be be be here good to uh um uh uh get a win so I can actually actually actually actually actually record today. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's pretty good good good good good pretty good okay okay um I mean. Yeah, I'm glad to have you you you you you here too. It gets it gets it gets it gets it gets lonely sometimes but but but but but I mean I mean I mean you know especially after losses. But today today today today today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the you know like well so host host host host host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at at at at at uh like so um Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by by by by by day Auburn fan so I mean okay I mean by night and it's very popular popular popular popular popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great well okay like you know know know know know job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you you you you you like I mean I mean like doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about about about about about getting the record after a win so okay like you know. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions uh uh uh uh uh you know um uh. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? up up up up So this so this so this so this so this week has been uh okay well well well well well I mean very interesting for me. I also I also I also I also also also also also I also like I've been dealing with some issues one uh so I I I I I mean um can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say say say say say like Darkness um um like um. And just trying to find the ways for for for for for me to be able to kind of I mean uh um okay marry that anger that that that that that I have inside with the positivity that I also have inside. We okay well uh like like like like like all go through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit hole uh you know you know okay go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's it's it's it's it's something that like I sort so uh uh I mean of I think it started started started started started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I so I so I so I so I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be be be be be I mean you know I mean you know your host for our daily devotional a a a a a time for us to rethink refocus and you know you know well so to to to to to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse verse verse verse verse you know well I mean I mean is taken from John 7 verse 37 37 37 37 37. And it says on the last I mean well like I mean and and and and and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let okay okay okay okay okay um like uh anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink drink drink drink drink when we view the invitation to I mean like uh you know come to Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday like you know I mean I mean mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because because because because because we have a puppy and he likes well um okay so to get up up up up up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking about our um you you you you you know okay like guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going to to to to to resonate with so you know well um so many of you out there. I want want want want want I want I want I want I want you to listen. This one all all all all all the well well um uh way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty well okay okay you you you you you know you know at the end of this half hour episode this half hour hour hour hour hour goes by fast I mean like okay you know. Now. I know this sounds like like like like like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share like so well um the episode episode episode episode episode people need to hear her story. They need they need they need they need they they they they they need to hear about her so I mean uh um resiliency. They need they need they they they they they need they need they need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that that that that that have taken I mean you know I mean uh place in her life. Thanks for for for for for listening. Please let please let please let please let please let me know what what what what what you think well well well okay write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk talk talk talk talk to you about well uh okay you know anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you you you you you are so missing out. Anchor is well I mean uh well the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are you know so so so so so so uh creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone like you know you know uh or your computer. And And And And And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So okay so so so so so like well you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's It's It's It's It's everything. You um I mean so you know need to make a podcast all in in in in in one place, so don't If we um uh uh like anchor up today today today today today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's I mean mean mean mean mean so okay um go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to what's okay you know so uh on your mind podcast. This is episode number number number number number four and it's so crazy to think that you know well well um we've been doing doing doing doing doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time well well so so so so so okay flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for for for for for me I mean you know um so. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the like like like like like I mean well uh music Joe. We're recording we're recording we're recording we're recording recording recording recording recording we're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do you you you you you know okay like like the music for the guest right now. Is this this this this this the show this is where okay uh I mean uh in the show now usually usually usually usually usually might go we say hello and introduce the um I mean okay well podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we so okay uh um um um um um have a guest today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to to to to to introduce him and let's go. That's right okay uh I mean so there now and and and and and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let uh uh uh uh uh I mean um so me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation creation creation creation creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your well well well well well so so so podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for for for for for you. So um so um so um so um so um okay like like it it it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make um um um um um I mean I mean well money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything you need to make well you know like okay a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and and and and and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning um like well okay handicapped. Now this Pawn class is is is is is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your it's your it's your it's your it's your your your your your host to virus. So delayed so delayed so delayed so delayed so delayed welcome back back back back back you know um well okay to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so we're so so so so so we're so we're so we're so happy to be here with you all I mean mean mean mean mean like um you know. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got got got got got the lovely lady back. Yes um okay I mean so. It's been it's been been been been been it's been it's been it's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm glad to be back so like I mean okay. Thank you thank you thank you you you you you thank you thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast so far I mean well well you know and don't forget to And And And And And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as uh you know uh um um um um um far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what what what what what topics you'd you know um well so like us to discuss. So we so we so so so so so we so we so we are in mind that if you are sending sending sending sending sending suggestions that I mean um well okay there that you are not not not not not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It It It It It you know um well I mean was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective uh so so so so so well like execution of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, Okay, many people you know well I mean okay come up with great ideas. Great strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies great initiatives and every year they spent okay well okay I mean countless hours hours hours hours hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set you know know know know know okay like uh of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants Consultants Consultants Consultants Consultants to do okay well so uh so, but the problem is sometimes most of of of of of the effort goes to waste why because uh I mean like like like like like you know they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first my my my my my first my first my first my first of all, it's okay so uh um um um um um episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna you know so um okay ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not not not not not a trick question. Okay. Do you think I mean you know I mean so the the the the the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you because you know okay so so so so so like I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you fucking so well uh uh uh uh uh uh doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth is is is is is so okay uh like flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a a a a a rocket. He said I you know so I mean so happen when the the the the the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's so um you you you you you know uh the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been a a a a a fucking like okay uh so idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket so um um like bro. That's like we like like like like like it's amazing. That's a that's a that's a that's a that's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl girl girl girl girl like okay I mean well Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does does does does does it. So is he well I mean you know um do you find it hard hard hard hard hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, so you know well well well well well well it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything everything everything everything everything you know like well I mean else had girl duties, but it's such an an an an an essential skill. That you have to you know I mean well uh learn especially especially especially especially especially when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I like I I I I I mean okay you know meant to be in three meetings at once which which which which which can be quite challenging. So I mean well well well I do need to have have have have have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting um I mean well I mean up up up up up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, welcome to another another another another another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your your your your your host an uh well uh um EF down. So happy to be here with you today today today today today the music in the background, you know uh well you know you know, it's from our our our our our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a I mean like so okay okay okay okay okay copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted just wanted just wanted just just just just just wanted just wanted to thank you I mean um um so for your kindness to to to to to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send so so okay well your your your your your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again again again again again I mean okay so well at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is is is is is one of my favorite the well well like um one of the OG bloggers one one one one one of the original people that were writing like I mean so like in our our our our our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's uh so well I I I I I mean a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last last last last last well um like um week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We We We We We jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped we jumped right in uh okay okay okay okay okay well uh we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going going going going going to you know well I mean uh enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7 7 7 7 7 like um so like. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a to to to to to McFadden today. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined with with with with with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are um I mean uh so two very close friends of of of of of mine as of recent. I met I met I met I met I met them them them them them in college and well well okay um we're all very different people but we we we we we get along like great and the well well you know like thing is what's interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we like you you you you you know I mean okay have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And And And And And if anything uh um uh well that like makes our friendship what it is is is is is. So anyway nollie. If you could go you know um like well ahead and and and and and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter I mean well well well well well I mean you know My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and and and and and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann you you you you you know well so I mean Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy comedy comedy comedy comedy podcast. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't know know know know know why um okay I mean I mean I made there be so many words words words words words in explaining what it is, but I think well okay I mean I mean I've I've I've I've I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we I I I I I mean so okay like were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving which is sort like like so okay of like also not Don't quote misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving misbehaving because several of them did murder people so okay like okay this season we're looking at women women women women women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
