Joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday it's Thursday it's Thursday it's Thursday it's Thursday it's Thursday it's Thursday it's Thursday it's Thursday it's Thursday it's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and and and and and and and and and and and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I just want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be be be be be be be be be be be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th 7th. I will I will I will I will I will I will I will I will I will I will I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the the the the the the the the the the the E - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really if really if really if really if really if really if really if really if really if really if really really excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that that that that that that that that that that that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.