Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions of of of of of of of of of of of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you enjoy this show, please please please please please please please please please please please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you also, you you you you you you you you you you you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. Stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know know know know know know know know know know know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in and in and in and in and in and in and in and in and in and in and in the video today. We're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking we're looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the strange link link link link link link link link link link link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at one point or another another another another another another another another another another another they have had some experience where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should should should should should should should should should should should be there or they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.