The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to to to to to to to to to to to think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds sounds is the voice of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition edition edition edition edition edition edition edition edition edition edition of big fashion big bank. We got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got family in the building y'all nudity is is is is is is is is is is is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Good good good good good good good good good good. Just nod just nod just nod just nod just nod just nod just nod just nod just nod just nod just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. Interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of of of of of of of of of of of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real talk, but one thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing thing you got to do we know you're going to do is just addition is swear swear swear swear swear swear swear swear swear swear swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was was was was was was was was was was was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So So so So so So so So so So so So so So so So so So so So so So So So So So So So So So So what we left off last time we talked it was just just just talking about about about about about about about about about about about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of of of of of of of of of of of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.