Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an an an an an an an an an an an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection of pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be so be so be so be so be so be so be so be so be so be so be sure to to to to to to to to to to to go and check them out. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners would would would would would would would would would would would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and and and and and and and and and and and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for for for for for for for for for for for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the history of of of of of of of of of of of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by mr. Seth estrada. Estrada Estrada estrada Estrada estrada Estrada estrada Estrada estrada Estrada estrada Estrada estrada Estrada estrada Estrada estrada Estrada estrada Estrada estrada Estrada Estrada Estrada Estrada Estrada Estrada Estrada Estrada Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk we talk about masternodes. Masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an epic rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.