Greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games workshop. Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop Workshop. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too too too too too too too too too too too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I hope you are bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear bear with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this this this this this this this this this this this show. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. Community community community community community community community community community community. I then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic basic basic basic basic basic basic basic basic basic basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to to to to to to to to to to to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the the the the the the the the the the the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.