Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to to to to to to to to to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy so easy so easy so easy so easy so easy so easy so easy so easy so easy so easy guys, I I I I I I I I I I I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known known known known known known known known known known known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download download download download download download download download download download download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major major major major major major major major major major major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to to to to to to to to to to to do anything else. So this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make make make make make make make make make make make use of it. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you have a message if you have some come content, which which which which which which which which which which which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to to to to to to to to to to to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.