What's up, everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do what do what do what do what do what do what do what do what do what do what do you you you you you you you you you you you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. Boat boat boat boat boat boat boat boat boat boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You You you You you You you You you You you You you You you You you You you You you You You You You You You You You You You know what that game room. Okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I okay, I believe off the where we thought we we we we we we we we we we we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I I I I I I I I I I I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back back back back back back back back back back back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not not not not not not not not not not not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but but but but but but but but but but but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not not not not not not not not not not not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being being being being being being being being being being being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.