Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally globally globally globally globally globally globally globally globally globally globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had had had had had had had had had had had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. Yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday. He was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was he was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me me me me me me me me me me me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what I said. It's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the it's the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy bitcoin. Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.