Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, first, let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make make make make make make make make make a podcast. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's free and there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going so going so going so going so going so going so going so going so going so going so going going going going going going going going going going going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to to to to to to to to to to to list keeps on growing and you can make money from your podcast with with with with with with with with with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to need to make a podcast in one one one one one one one one one one one place. So get so get so get so get so get so get so get so get so get so get so get started today start your podcast get your voice out there download the free free free free free free free free free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a a a a a a a a a a a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You don't even need need need need need need need need need need need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.