Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show show show show show show show show show show show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? That's great. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two episodes in we we we we we we we we we we we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents cents cents cents cents cents cents cents cents cents cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point point point point point point point point point point point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store almost five round round round round round round round round round round round trips. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's really awesome. We can we can we can we can we can we can we can we can we can we can we can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the the the the the the the the the the the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most packed episode we've ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever had that's cool. It's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just let's just put it like that practically kissing.