Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want want want want want want want want want want want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in in in in in in in in in in in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as as as as as as as as as as as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming filming filming filming filming filming filming filming filming filming filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the the the the the the the the the the the winner of this season, right? Is there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there is there any other reason Maddie would have have have have have have have have have have have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other other other other other other other other other other other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. Below below below below below below below below below below. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if but if but if but if but if but if but if but if but if but if but if you're new new new new new new new new new new new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check check check check check check check check check check check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.