Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News daily. Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a a a a a a a a a a a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is is is is is is is is is is is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a a a a a a a a a a a patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems some people may may may may may may may may may may may have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out Out Out Out Out Out Out Out Out Out Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron patron patron patron patron patron patron patron patron patron patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love love love love love love love love love love love whoever I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.