Before we get started today. I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just wanted to talk to you you you you you you you you you you you guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to save a little bit these days. So with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with Spotify, you can follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to to to to to to to to to to to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have have have have have have have have have have have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if if if if if if if if if if if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make sure to follow us on on on on on on on on on on on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being that being that being that being that being that being that being that being that being that being that being said, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.