Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune so tune out if you want want want want want want want want want want want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and I I I I I I I I I I I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next next next next next next next next next next next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production production production production production production production production production production production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But But but But but But but But but But but But but But but But but But but But but But But But But But But But But But But as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all that's all I've got for today on on on on on on on on on on on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make make make make make make make make make make make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.