Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the way to do it. That's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually that's actually what we use to host this podcast. Podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we we we we we we we we we we we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and and and and and and and and and and and best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the the the the the the the the the the the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We We We We We We We We We We We appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't we couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't couldn't do this without you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have I'll have I'll have I'll have I'll have I'll have I'll have I'll have I'll have I'll have I'll have all the pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.