Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from hard work grows over time Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to to to to to to to to to to to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of of of of of of of of of of of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of of of of of of of of of of of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up up up up up up up up up up up things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial Financial anxiety and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which Which Which Which Which Which Which Which Which Which Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look look look look look look look look look look look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to to to to to to to to to to to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle and and and and and and and and and and and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear let's hear it again again again again again again again again again again again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from hard work grows over time. It's also it's also it's also it's also it's also it's also it's also it's also it's also it's also it's also important to remember.