Principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? you you you you you you you you you you Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even even even even even even even even even even even happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Interest interest interest interest interest interest interest interest interest interest. Oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do do do do do do do do do do do that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is is is is is is is is is is is looking into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's gonna take a pretty hefty. Package for package for package for package for package for package for package for package for package for package for package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's what you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell tell me cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right right right right right right right right right right right down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point look point look point look point look point look point look point look point look point look point look point is the kids a stud a phenom. Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom Phenom. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a a a a a a a a a a a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the the the the the the the the the the the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for for for for for for for for for for for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.