Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever. Forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere get a a a a a a a a a a a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back to the the the the the the the the the the the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. Today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today today. I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not real real real real real real real real real real real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and and and and and and and and and and and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between between between between between between between between between between between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we we we we we we we we we we we mean by that? We obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously we obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll so I'll break it down real quick and basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came up up up up up up up up up up up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.