Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about about about about about about about about about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a a a a a a a a a a a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we anchor we do the the the the the the the the the the the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn earn earn earn earn earn earn earn earn earn earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a a a a a a a a a a a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. Way way way way way way way way way way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a I'm a photographer by the day, but I make make make make make make make make make make make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back back back back back back back back back back back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.