Is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would like like like like like like like like like like like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from their experiences. Experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the the the the the the the the the the the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in now in now in now in now in now in now in now in now in now in now in this episode. We are are are are are are are are are are are outside the great city of London. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not going to say exactly where but it is is is is is is is is is is is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows lord knows cheese it is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff. People kind of Penny Penny Penny Penny Penny Penny Penny Penny Penny Penny Penny but this is next level. I am not used to this. How'd you how'd you how'd you how'd you how'd you how'd you how'd you how'd you how'd you how'd you how'd you guys cope? cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope cope There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even even even even even even even even even even even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in the making for for for for for for for for for for for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.