All right. So let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's so let's I just want to say thank you. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning tuning in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means you're supporting that that that that that that that that that that that means I'm getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the the the the the the the the the the the fifth. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is is is is is is is is is is is going to be my home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets streets streets streets streets streets streets streets streets streets streets to kind of group grew up a lot about them, but I will will will will will will will will will will will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so let's get this together together together together together together together together together together together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is is is is is is is is is is is the first show of the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring starring starring starring starring starring starring starring starring starring starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's well, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't grow up with.