Welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did what did what did what did what did what did what did what did what did what did what did I say to ya penitential good stuff Episode 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to to to to to to to to to to to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and and and and and and and and and and and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm on on on on on on on on on on on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone. We were just just just just just just just just just just just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because you run around the world world world world world world world world world world world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on. Give us a call call call call call call call call call call call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody that answers questions. But here here here here here here here here here here here we are. So I'll give it give it my best real lovely. I also feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were on the road. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was on on on on on on on on on on on a phone in or do you have to go to Studio ever say it was was was was was was was was was was was a phone in from the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International International International International International International International International International International International Women's Day events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.