Hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is is is is is is is is is is is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about something something something something something something something something something something something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very informed on on on on on on on on on on on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen okay, Karen tell me something. Something something something something something something something something something something. Have you watched Pokémon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was was was was was was was was was was was a culture. Where back where? I when I when I when I when I when I when I when I when I when I when I when I when we grew up so we should should should should should should should should should should should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so so so so so so so so so so so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just they just they just they just they just they just they just they just they just they just they just don't realize it. It it it it it it it it it it. So it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's so it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all they're all enemies now now now now now now now now now now now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.