All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess and guess what we we we we we we we we we we we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're if you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're looking to host your own podcast. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is the easiest free way to get started this this this this this this this this this this this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from from from from from from from from from from from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there there there there there there there there there there there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you you you you you you you you you you you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on a Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds And you know know know know know know know know know know know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing your your your your your your your your your your your great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all all all all all all all all all all all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download download download download download download download download download download download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the the the the the the the the the the the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.