You guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys you guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time time time time time time time time time time time before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I I I I I I I I I I I think I think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to to to to to to to to to to to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. Wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on on on on on on on on on on on the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, raw, raw, raw, raw, raw, raw, raw, raw, raw, raw, but there's not too many good. Good commercial good commercial good commercial good commercial good commercial good commercial good commercial good commercial good commercial good commercial good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, in fact, we've got got got got got got got got got got got a great how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you you you you you you you you you you you can buy. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're we're big on engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as so as so as so as so as so as so as so as so as so as so as a pet dog trainer most of the time time time time time time time time time time time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.