You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record record record record record record record record record record record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your your your your your your your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. Listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage marriage a scary proposition last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the the the the the the the the the the the wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a a a a a a a a a a a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience experience the two parties got married, but within a month my friend found out that she she she she she she she she she she she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he he he he he he he he he he he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.