You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and and and and and and and and and and and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many many many many many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything it's everything you you you you you you you you you you you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Question question question question question question question question question question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream dream life. We all we all we all we all we all we all we all we all we all we all we all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want you want you want you want you want you want you want you want you want you want you want want want want want want want want want want want to live my question to you is simple. Are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you currently living the the the the the the the the the the the life? Most people would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close close close close close close close close close close close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't seem feasible. I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.