Before we get started today. I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and and and and and and and and and and and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account account account account account account account account account account account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit these days. So with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you you you you you you you you you you you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if if if if if if if if if if if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one one one one one one one one one one one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search search search search search search search search search search search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you never miss an an an an an an an an an an an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any any any any any any any any any any any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.