With traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic with traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can can can can can can can can can can can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. It it it it it it it it it it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so so so so so so so so so so so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars sports cars in the winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last started started started started started started started started started started started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of the the the the the the the the the the the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head head head head head head head head head head head around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So So So So So So So So So So So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved moved moved moved moved moved moved moved moved moved moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one one one one one one one one one one one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. True true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.