It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you you you you you you you you you you you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close close close close close close close close close close close up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize revitalize revitalize revitalize revitalize revitalize revitalize revitalize revitalize revitalize revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results results results results results results results results results results results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you you you you you you you you you you you from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH GH GH GH GH GH GH GH GH GH GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome Welcome welcome Welcome welcome Welcome welcome Welcome welcome Welcome welcome Welcome welcome Welcome welcome Welcome welcome Welcome welcome Welcome welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or or or or or or or or or or or permanence. Some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some of some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just just just just just just just just just just just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.