What's up, guys? This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our our our our our our our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just break break break break break break break it down for you guys real quick. It is it is it is it is it is it is it is 100% free. There's nothing you have have have have have have have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that you can can can can can can can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money from from from from from from from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally everything that you need to to to to to to to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a a a a a a a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not doing doing doing doing doing doing doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of of of of of of of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit shit shit shit shit shit shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber the bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.