Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day 90-day fiance News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new new new new new new new new season of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a a a a a a a a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family family family family family family family family is unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that that that that that that that that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has a patron where she she she she she she she she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems it seems some people may have found this this this this this this this this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she out she out she out she out she out she out she out she states states states states states states states states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron patron patron patron patron patron patron patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income income income income income income income income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content content content content content content content content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I I I I I I I I want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. Plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus. So not so not so not so not so not so not so not so not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.