Are you ready? Are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you going to do stuff you want me to to to to to to to to to introduce you? Okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's okay, what's up guys? My name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name my name is Andre. You're listening to this. This this this this this this this this. You already you already you already you already you already you already you already you already you already know who I am. I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to to to to to to to to to mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back back back back back back back back back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys before before before before before before before before before we jump into this episode. I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right so right so right so right so right so right so right so right so right from your phone.