Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are there are creation tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your your your your your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything. Everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If If If If If If If If If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to to get started. Alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up up up up up up up up up you guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is episode number number number number number number number number number four and it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for for for for for for for for for four weeks. I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's true, or at least it's true for me. I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope it's true for you too. So I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I so I think you can guess that I use anchor to.