What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going we're going to talk about the the the the the the the the the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model model model model model model model model model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial perspective. Perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective perspective. So going so going so going so going so going so going so going so going so going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row row row row row row row row row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and we're talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like like like like like like like like like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours Hours hours Hours hours Hours hours Hours hours Hours hours Hours hours Hours hours Hours hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads pads pads pads pads pads pads pads pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was was was was was was was was was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this this this this this this this this this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that that that that that that that that that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package package package package package package package package package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.