Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North North North North North North North North North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with with with with with with with with with professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide they provide they provide they provide they provide they provide they provide they provide they provide a top-notch user experience and have a great great great great great great great great great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be so be so be so be so be so be so be so be so be sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as as as as as as as as as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at at at at at at at at at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech team. Team Team Team Team Team Team Team Team. Hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in in in in in in in in in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are are are are are are are are are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof proof proof proof proof proof proof proof proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about about about about about about about about about Prague pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you would please leave us a rating.