Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want want want want want want want want want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt with with with with with with with with with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description description description description description description description description description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going going going going going going going going going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced announced announced announced announced announced announced announced announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was maddie was filming something weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the the the the the the the the the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have have have have have have have have have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's That's that's That's that's That's that's That's that's That's that's That's that's That's that's That's that's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if but if but if but if but if but if but if but if but if you're new to Clare Clare Clare Clare Clare Clare Clare Clare Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that that that that that that that that that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live live live live live live live live live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.