Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about about about about about about about about about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are all trying to save save save save save save save save save a little bit these days. So with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with so with Spotify, you can follow your favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with with with with with with with with with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to to to to to to to to to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you you you you you you you you you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make make make make make make make make make sure to follow us on there. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you never miss an episode of optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody hello, everybody Welcome to episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.