What's up, guys? This episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode this episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you you you you you you you you you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our our our our our our our our our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just just just just just just just just just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that that that that that that that that that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your your your your your your your your your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money money money money money money money money money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make make make make make make make make make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to to to to to to to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the episode guys shit out in a a a a a a a a a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and then then then then then then then then then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Bro bro bro bro bro bro bro bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I alright I alright I alright I alright I alright I alright I alright I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.