Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. Explain explain explain explain explain explain explain explain. It's a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to to to to to to to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone, or you can do it it it it it it it it it from your computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on on on on on on on on on top of that. You can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or or or or or or or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening you're listening to the high high high high high high high high high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our our our our our our our our our money in the more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by by by by by by by by by the day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this this this this this this this this this show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.