It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you you you you you you you you you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to to to to to to to to to close up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies strategies to revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in in in in in in in in in search results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point point point point point point point point point taking you from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get get get get get get get get get you more bookings. Welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more more more more more more more more more bookings and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of of of of of of of of of commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. Implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement implement. They're just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require require require require require require require require require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really really really really really really really really really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.