Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in in in in in in in in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are these are these are these are these are these are these are these are these are these are the audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say say say say say say say say say say hi to me. Let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me let me know how you liked this show and let's get get get get get get get get get get into it. Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And And And And And And And And And And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your your your your your your your your your your brain without using drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions apparitions apparitions apparitions apparitions apparitions apparitions apparitions apparitions apparitions many people will tell you that at one point or another they have have have have have have have have have have had some experience where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should should should should should should should should should should be there or they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.