Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up guys? This This This This This This This This This This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is Brady Turner. This This this This this This this This this This this This this This this This this This this This This This This This This This This This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't why didn't I I I I I I I I I I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I I I I I I I I I I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but but but but but but but but but but his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host. Co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host co-host. Jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is is is is is is is is is is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we we we we we we we we we we talked about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably we're probably we're probably we're probably we're probably we're probably we're probably we're probably we're probably we're probably getting probably going to be be be be be be be be be be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin begin with we will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between between between between between between between between between between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely so definitely it's definitely.