What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this episode is is is is is is is is is is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick around around around around around around around around around around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick around around around around around around around around around around for that. We also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also we also have our contest going on right now for a chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this this this this this this this this this this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of time as as as as as as as as as as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for for for for for for for for for for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get get get get get get get get get get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do do do do do do do do do do you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.