What's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up what's up - Lapham. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed one podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's going to be on big little life right now. We have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have all of your emails. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you you you you you you you you you you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which which which which which which which which which which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned we've learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Books books books books books books books books books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.