Greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the the the the the the the the the the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and and and and and and and and and and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that that that that that that that that that that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover I cover recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then I then I then I then I then I then I then I then I then I then spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of of of of of of of of of of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to to to to to to to to to to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from from from from from from from from from from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work work work work work work work work work work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.