Namaskar time everyone. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like like like like like like like like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go go go go go go go go go go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has it has it has it has it has it has it has it has it has it has made it. It it it it it it it it it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. Easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I I I I I I I I I I need to do is download the anchor. I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have record my voice in it and and and and and and and and and and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in in in in in in in in in in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not not not not not not not not not not need to do anything else. So this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this is just too awesome guys. You also need need need need need need need need need need to make use of it. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you have a message if you have some some some some some some some some some some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to to to to to to to to to to buy shoes podcast. So today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's so today's daily log. I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have I have restarted my uncle more than a a a a a a a a a a practice and it was very very good. I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.