Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you you you you you you you you you you about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Out out out out out out out out out. Anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only not only not only not only not only not only not only not only not only not only that it's free. There There There There There There There There There There are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for for for for for for for for you. So you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you so you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many many many many many many many many many many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If If If If If If If If If If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started started. Alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up you guys? Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is episode number four and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what what what what what what what what what what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true true true true true true true true true true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.