Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this this this this this this this this this this week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to to to to to to to to to to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Mad mad mad mad mad mad mad mad mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. Days days days days days days days days days. We were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and lauren. Lauren Lauren lauren Lauren lauren Lauren lauren Lauren lauren Lauren lauren Lauren lauren Lauren lauren Lauren lauren Lauren lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just just just just just just just just just just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although Although Although Although Although Although Although Although Although Although I do think Cameron. He gets he gets he gets he gets he gets he gets he gets he gets he gets he gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he he he he he he he he he he just he's very emotional. He's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a very emotional man and but but he loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have we have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.