What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from from from from from from from from from from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third third third third third third third third third third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were we were just recording and and and and and and and and and and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new new new new new new new new new new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you you you you you you you you you you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and and and and and and and and and and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. Track track track track track track track track track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I and I was was was was was was was was was was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but but but but but but but but but but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.