Today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology technology North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools pools with professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and and and and and and and and and and have a great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable notable notable notable notable notable notable notable notable notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in october. October October October October October October October October October. So be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if if if if if if if if if if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at at at at at at at at at at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. Projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. Space space space space space space space space space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.