Hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is is is is is is is is is is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so so so so so so so so so so well, first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. So are so are so are so are so are so are so are so are so are so are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways ways to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else else else else else else else else else else after you post it? Well, once well, once well, once well, once well, once well, once well, once well, once well, once well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out out out out out out out out out out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more more more more more more more more more more places. You don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you can make money starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You You You You You You You You You You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.