Hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always always always always always always always always always always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why and why and why and why and why and why and why and why and why and why didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add add add add add add add add add add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column column column column column column column column column column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you you you you you you you you you you were taught how to follow directions. There's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions there's directions at the top of the paper. Paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper paper. You were supposed to read them. You read you read you read you read you read you read you read you read you read you read those directions and you follow them. So So so So so So so So so So so So so So so So so So so So So So So So So So So So you were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you you you you you you you you you you can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught taught that in school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has this has this has this has this has this has this has this has this has this has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.