Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode episode of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally globally globally globally globally globally globally globally globally globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to you by by by by by by by by by by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He was was was was was was was was was was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download download download download download download download download download download that what was it the cash yet? That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's what I said. It's the easiest way way way way way way way way way way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy bitcoin. Bitcoin Bitcoin bitcoin Bitcoin bitcoin Bitcoin bitcoin Bitcoin bitcoin Bitcoin bitcoin Bitcoin bitcoin Bitcoin bitcoin Bitcoin bitcoin Bitcoin bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.