Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from well from hard work grows over time Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the the the the the the the the the the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks of financial reflection. She found she found she found she found she found she found she found she found she found she found that she didn't have to give up things. She really really really really really really really really really really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her her her her her her her her her her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they they they they they they they they they they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and and and and and and and and and and addressed goals for the week. The financial the financial the financial the financial the financial the financial the financial the financial the financial the financial accountability was intended to help her prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise wise wise wise wise wise wise wise wise wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money is is is is is is is is is is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Today today today today today today today today today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.