Before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account account account account account account account account account account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a a a a a a a a a a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So So So So So So So So So So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your your your your your your your your your your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The The The The The The The The The The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if so if you haven't done so already already already already already already already already already already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make also, make sure to follow us on on on on on on on on on on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.