Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you haven't heard about anchor get get get get get get get get get get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want to explain. It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a creation tool that that that that that that that that that that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or or or or or or or or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we we we we we we we we we we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So So So So So So So So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more more more more more more more more more more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's it's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go so go ahead and and and and and and and and and and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Started started started started started started started started started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back back back back back back back back back back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify Spotify for music, but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.