Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your your your your your your your your your your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Up up up up up up up up up. Hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's today's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? it it it it it it it it it Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few few few few few few few few few few weeks. I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here here here here here here here here here here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are are are are are are are are are are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work work work work work work work work work work as an osteopath. So this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this so this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. Fantastic Fantastic fantastic Fantastic fantastic Fantastic fantastic Fantastic fantastic Fantastic fantastic Fantastic fantastic Fantastic fantastic Fantastic fantastic Fantastic fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic. You're always you're always you're always you're always you're always you're always you're always you're always you're always you're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.