Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in in in in in in in in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions versions versions versions versions versions versions versions versions versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you enjoy this show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are are are are are are are are are are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. Stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let Let let Let let Let let Let let Let let Let let Let let Let let Let let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different different different different different different different different different different most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we we we we we we we we we we want to do at least until a few decades in we go through many many many many many many many many many many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one one one one one one one one one one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.