three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast cast very very excited. It's 12 it's 12 it's 12 it's 12 it's 12 it's 12 it's 12 it's 12 it's 12 it's 12 Towers weekend. And we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've and we've got one of the finest finest finest finest finest finest finest finest finest finest ocean paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today today today today today today today today today today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the the the the the the the the the the world. He does he does he does he does he does he does he does he does he does he does a bit of everything. But the but the but the but the but the but the but the but the but the but the reason we wanted to to to to to to to to to to chat with him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, water, but he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years years years years years years years years years years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So So So So So So So So So So I'm going to get here. So you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd so you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really really really really really really really really really really excited. It was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is is is is is is is is is is swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so. Well, the well, the well, the well, the well, the well, the well, the well, the well, the well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.