Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a a a a a a a a a a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from from from from from from from from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the rest. Rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest. It's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going it's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from from from from from from from from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and and and and and and and and and and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to to to to to to to to to to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people people people people people people people people people people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My My My My My My My My My My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most most most most most most most most most most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down down down down down down down down down down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to to to to to to to to to to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.