Hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about the the the the the the the the the the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a a a a a a a a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. You you you you you you you you you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. There there there there there there there there there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership Ownership ownership Ownership ownership Ownership ownership Ownership ownership Ownership ownership Ownership ownership Ownership ownership Ownership ownership Ownership ownership Ownership Ownership Ownership Ownership Ownership Ownership Ownership Ownership Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one place? So So so So so So so So so So so So so So so So so So so So So So So So So So So So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- they they they they they they they they they they have all the information there for you right there. So do so do so do so do so do so do so do so do so do so do it, you know, when you you you you you you you you you you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk about that for for for for for for for for for for like that like mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well Well I can add and then you do the thing and then we get back back back back back back back back back back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.