The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers answers answers answers answers answers answers answers answers answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got we got a great show tonight. Tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight. I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping humanity. Humanity Humanity humanity Humanity humanity Humanity humanity Humanity humanity Humanity humanity Humanity humanity Humanity humanity Humanity humanity Humanity humanity Humanity Humanity Humanity Humanity Humanity Humanity Humanity Humanity. Let go let go let go let go let go let go let go let go let go let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to to to to to to to to to to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you for having me me me me me me me me me me back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something something something something something something something something something something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of of of of of of of of of of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.