With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great great great great great great great great great great car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or or or or or or or or or or family require. There's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a there's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you you you you you you you you you you find it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am am am am am am am am am am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in the winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last last last last last last last last last last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of of of of of of of of of of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to to to to to to to to to to wrap my head around this you started it last night started was the day after after after after after after after after after after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time. Time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by by by by by by by by by by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I could tell mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.