Tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. On on on on on on on on on. Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May May May May May May May May May May of our Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. Excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited excited. I mean this is I think the first time ever right we able to combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine combine everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while so while so while so while so while so while so while so while so while so while we're at hair Love retreat in in in in in in in in in in May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to to to to to to to to to to be a salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love retreats. Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats Retreats. We really we really we really we really we really we really we really we really we really we really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is is is is is is is is is is going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're yeah, they're going to to to to to to to to to to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to to to to to to to to to to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so so so so so so so so so so I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.