What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business business business business business business business business business business in this week. We are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are we are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means that means every day day day day day day day day day day this week. You are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are likely going to get an episode based on the the the the the the the the the the topic of marketing. So we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've so we've got a lot of value come and actually this this this this this this this this this this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about about about about about about about about about about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best best best best best best best best best best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how to get them into your your your your your your your your your your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an so an so an so an so an so an so an so an so an so an awesome interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our our our our our our our our our our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development development development development development development development development development development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.