Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so I I I I I I I I I I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news news news news news news news news news news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to india. India India India India India India India India India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I I I I I I I I I I mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up up up up up up up up up up on Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring boring right now. I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is is is is is is is is is is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. Stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff. You're talking you're talking you're talking you're talking you're talking you're talking you're talking you're talking you're talking you're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and I mean like he tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.