I think the topic was crime in the city. I do not live in a city. I live in a real small little place. <SEP> Where is that? It's about thirty miles from Sherman. North south east or west? It's north of Sherman. <SEP> You live almost in Oklahoma. Not too far. That's kind of ironic because I don't live too far from Oklahoma either. <SEP> You know where Saint Joe is? I've been through there. I'm about eight miles south of it. I had been through Saint Joe. But just as far as watching the news and reading the papers and all that it sounds like the crimes in the cities are really getting bad. <SEP> I've seen those statistics and everything. And you know what frightens me is that you put a half a million people out in the middle of the desert with high tech weaponry. The Iraqis didn't have a lot of high-tech weaponry. But they had mortars and machine guns tanks and all that. <SEP> And they didn't kill as many people in forty-five days. And they were intending to kill people. <SEP> That was their job as they killed in Washington D C. I know. I know. I know. I think nowadays people really just murder is nothing to them. I formulated a pretty radical theory over the last ten years I guess. And I've come to the conclusion even that if a guy is convicted or a gal is convicted of a crime rather than put them in prison because prison's proven not to work just let them go. Say you're convicted. <SEP> And just let them go. And if they get convicted again just kill them. Because most likely that will happen won't it that. <SEP> I think that the best hope to eliminate crime as we know it today is to eliminate the criminals from society. <SEP> If someone is known to have been in prison they can't get a job. You know. <SEP> They can't be accepted into society. If they're not going to be accepted into society then everybody's going to become sociopathic. And who's to put the limit on it? I was watching a thing last night up in Washington State. If you get convicted of sexual offenses on a regular basis. Some of these guys are forty years old and got ten convictions. <SEP> And they're still let out on the street after one or two years. In Washington State if you're a habitual sexual offender they just don't let you out. So you serve your prison term. And then you go into the mental hospital. And if you're pronounced cured they'll let you go. <SEP> They may find a cure for it. But there is no known cure now. So you're kind of thinking. In other words if you do something the first time that's not real bad. People make mistakes. To go ahead and let them go. But if they do it again and they really need to face the consequences then. <SEP> Use that. Or there's other consequences rather than killing them. You could always make them the slave of the people they committed the crime against. <SEP>. At least they might get some benefit in that. And if the people they committed a crime against feel at some later date that these people have learned their lesson are okay they can free them. <SEP> But with the technology we have today you can put a collar on a guy's leg that will knock him down if they leave the property. It will just incapacitate them. And you can put a collar around a guy's leg that will prohibit them from committing any kind of prohibitive act. <SEP> But putting them in prison that doesn't work. Apparently not. Because look how many years they've been doing that. And look. You look at places like Turkey. Turkey has the death penalty for just about everything. <SEP> If you get convicted of drug trafficking they just kill you. You get convicted of heinous crimes they just kill you. There's no two ways about it. <SEP> And you look at their society. And the repeat offenders are very few. And you look at our society almost everyone out on the street that has been in prison has been in prison three or four times. Three or four times. The way to stop that kind of behavior is two-fold. That is true. I know. <SEP> One you need to make it illegal for both parents to work while the kids are under seven. I think that's very important. I agree very much so on that. I. And then if a parent has proved to be unfit for any reason take the kids away from the parents. <SEP> Because we are what we teach. <SEP> Because that's what our society becomes. We have just a bunch of people. Comes. I've lived in that environment for quite a few years when I was doing construction work. And these guys they come to work every morning. And they're stoned to the bone. They're so high they could fly up to the top of that building. And they work all day. And they go home. And they smoke their dope and drink their booze and shoot their drugs. And when they run out of money they go down to the corner store and pop the guy on the head and take his money. And then they go back to work on Monday. <SEP> And the kids of these people. Sure. They just think that's the normal thing to do don't they. They're sociopathic. <SEP> And I worked in a first grade classroom for one full semester. And these kids were more foulmouthed than I've ever been. I had one kid Threaten my life. In the first grade. <SEP> Told me that daddy's going to whoop me to death. And they flipping me the finger and all that. <SEP> And I just said to this kid. I said you got two choices kid. You can step into mainstream society. Or you can die. Because you will eventually be killed. And I'm just totally aghast at what's going on. I know. I know. I work in school. That's something I do. And it really is. I'm like you. Astonishing what the younger ages know. And they react to what they see at home. <SEP> If they see violence at home that's what you're going to get from the kids at school. It really is. And that's kind of sad. <SEP> You can see it in the work place. Used to be when you had a personality conflict you worked with it. And you got through it. Now people get fired. Or what's even worse is they promote them into a position that they can't handle and let them get fired. <SEP> Or one thing or the other. You look at another kind of society like the Japanese. You put that many people on that small of a space they've learned to live together. It's in their culture. And one of the things that's in their culture that I really think the major corporations should pay attention to is the fact that while Japan was becoming a great power financially the people that worked for those companies worked for the same company they worked for at sixty-five as they did when they were eighteen. Teen. <SEP> And the company took it upon itself to find a position for these people. If they weren't fit for the job they were hired for they didn't just can them. They made a position for them some where. You look at Frito Lay. My wife used to work for Frito Lay as a typist. Transcribing stuff into the computer. <SEP> She could type about one-hundred and five words per minute. But she don't like it. She just doesn't like to do that. She will. But her preference is to be in an office situation where her job is.