How is it appropriate to be talking about exercise attitudes? We. My husband is right now teaching an aerobics class. <SEP> He's an aerobics instructor. And is going to be entering North Texas for a Kinesiology program there. And the. How I met him was through the aerobics class that he used to teach. You're a student? <SEP> So. I'm an avid aerobics person and just very very athletic. Enjoying anything dealing with sports. <SEP> And how do you feel about it? I am a person who wishes I had more time to exercise. I don't feel like I. I don't very often do things for the sake of exercise. I don't feel well unless I am exercising. And I try to do things that involve exercise. But I very rarely do things like. I've never done aerobics or any sort of structured. This is my exercise time. <SEP> But I do lots of outdoor sports and things bicycling mountaineering a little mountaineering this and that. And I spend a lot of time. And I probably get more exercise than your average person. But it's not a structured sort of thing. And I have to admit I have a certain resistance to the idea of exercising for exercising's sake. And perhaps it's because somehow that implies to me it's not fun or something like that. <SEP> I've. My. That's the way my mother stands on it. She feels like if it's something that you have to do if you look at it as if you have to do it then it becomes a chore. <SEP> And she doesn't enjoy it when it's a chore. And I feel that way too as far as the idea of doing fifty sit-ups or something. To. <SEP> You're a calcu-. Calculated down. And do your calisthenics three times a week. I do try and regulate how much exercise I get a week. <SEP> Is that why you like aerobics classes because someone else is doing the counting for you so it makes it less of a chore? <SEP> And it's got. And I've always enjoyed dance. So it involves. I can't get out to dance all the time. And. Would that we could. <SEP> And it's more regulated. I mean you're using different parts of the body. So it is like dance. And it's structured like that. But you have the music and like you said someone else is counting so it makes it easier for me. <SEP> And someone else is telling me let's move this way let's move that way instead of me having to think about it so much. <SEP> You can just trust someone else to give you full exercise. And all you do is follow along and enjoy yourself. But I'm like you. I also like to participate in things like. We just went to the Myererson Symphony Run this past weekend. And that was a lot of fun. And you get to meet different people and just get out out and about. <SEP> And it's something you can all. Like our. We did it as a family. So it was quite a lot of fun. <SEP> And biking. And I love to swim. So I love it when it's swimming weather. <SEP> And. You're talking to someone from California where it's often swimming weather. I didn't realize that. <SEP> I'm sorry. I'm in Texas. I just assumed that I had. This is the first call I've done. <SEP> And I didn't realize that they were going to reach out to people from all over the country. <SEP> You wouldn't know that. I. So it's actually. It's interesting because there are real regional differences. In California there's almost an assumption unless you're sort of clearly of an older generation or something in your sixties or something like that. I'm not. There's an assumption that you do something for your physical fitness at least in urban California. And maybe not. I don't know about rural California too well. But in urban California it's just. For all I know aerobics started out here. I don't know where they actually started. But the craze really picked up big here. And before that there was the running craze. And they. California tends to be a bit faddish. But the remarkable thing is how well the fads catch on elsewhere. <SEP> So there must be something to some of them. And. I think people are more inc-. People from California seem to be more health motivated all around. As far as. The diet and just your health consciousness. And it just seems like a lot of those ideas generate out of California. <SEP> Not just exercise but health related ideas. And I. It's curious I don't know why don't know if it's. Do you. Does California have a. There's a sense of it being a package. <SEP> I think. There is a sense of whole. There's a lot of. You'll get organizations like institutes for the whole health or whatever. And the University of California at Berkeley puts out THE WELLNESS LETTER. Which turned into a fairly well subscribed to newsletter monthly or biweekly newsletter or something like that. And it doesn't deal with just exercise or just stress management or just diet or anything. It's on fairly solid scientific ground. It's just dispensed with these distinctions. It says all sorts of factors go into health and there's no reason to talk about one rather than another so that they combined them all together. So it's had that orientation for quite some time. There's been some progressive medical schools out here that have taken that approach. <SEP> And. Do you think that's because they've realized that for whole health that you have to have that combination or that people are motivated that way so that they've incorporated that into their program. <SEP> Do you think the program came first or the. That. There's a. I can say there's a correlation but I couldn't say which caused the other. Each developed a little bit and then would feed off one another and develop a little bit more and a little bit more. The more money they put into it. And. <SEP> I can see that. And cause I. Knowing. From institutes of learning like that I know that they've got to get their money somewhere. And somebody's got to be willing to pay for it and believe in it. So. Exactly. And part of it is California back in the sixties had a lot of alternative movements. And some of them fizzled out. And some of them were disastrous. And others of them had an impact on the society around here. And one of the ones that had an impact was people becoming interested in alternate practices. I'm not sure if it was a meditation practice or if it was similar to a stress management practice or alternates to A M A approved medicine. You have major acupuncture schools and things out here. And you could have them around long enough. And more and more people start believing them or wondering how to combine them with other things. <SEP> And before long you get this whole kind of Gestalt this whole package of health care and options. And exercise is strongly considered one of them. The irony is it's people in the cities that are most oriented towards doing the exercise. And I guess because they spend all day in back of their desks. The average person out on the farm at least traditionally the laborers. <SEP> Last thing. Or they're older. Pardon me. <SEP> Don't you think they tend to be older in the rural ar-. I sometimes think that it's almost frantic effort on the part of the people in the city. Like everything else. I live in a rural area. So I see that. The rat race to exercise. <SEP> It's frantic to achieve something that a person in a rural area almost doesn't worry about it to such a degree but stays almost healthier. I think so. <SEP> As a fit person. You've. If you look at other cultures. I know a little bit about people who were considered very healthy in China. And they don't do very much vigorous exercise at all. But they do a lot of low keyed low impact low stress exercise. And they combine it with a meditation or whatever. Some sort of relaxation. And they seem pretty. They don't have the hard body. They don't have that perfect look. And an awful lot of exercise is sort of image conscious. But they live to a hundred and ten some. <SEP> And that's. Don't you think a lot of that is diet too? And a lot of that is diet. That's true. <SEP> They eat a lot of carbohydrates and not much fat. For economical reasons not for preference. <SEP> And as we can see. I'm a practicing vegetarian. So I've read a lot of information knowing that to be true. Am I actually. What's that? As am I. <SEP> Are you also. That's good as far as the cal-. Is that pretty predominant as far as California doe-. It is in the urban areas. <SEP> In the urban areas? For example most restaurants in an urban area will have a little vegetarian section now. That's wonderful. Most sort of modern looking restaurants will. <SEP> You can. That's great. We. It's such a trouble here. You just have to eat at home basically. I was wondering that. Because I was actually applying for a job in Texas. And it occurred to me. <SEP> Of course in the cities. In the cities. We live close to Dallas. <SEP> So which. You get an influx of a lot of people from all over the country. So you're going to have more choices. But in urban areas it's steak places. <SEP> And it's not a. It's definitely. It's changing to a degree. But it's very frustrating. And even with health food stores and stores where you can buy natural products or organic materials and foods and things. <SEP> You don't really have that. You would think.