So. We started out keeping a budget about two years ago. We have a computer here at the house. And I made a Lotus spreadsheet and went through the year using all of our checkbook to figure out what we spent each time and whether we were over or under for each month. And then basically since then what I've done is keep track of it through the checkbook. So that based on the check coming in then how much I'm spending each half of the month and then trying to also spe-. Because our house payment is once a month. That's our biggest expense. So I take half of that amount out of my checkbook with each paycheck even thought it's really still there so that I can keep good balance a running total through the month. <SEP>. <SEP> A running total. What do you all do? <SEP> We've taken how much we have write down how much we have coming in each month. And then we've. At the beginning of the year we sat down and determined how much we could spend. We made up different accounts. We've set a budget for each household expenses or food and clothing and entertainment and then our own fun money and just stuff like that. And then each time we spend something we write down in a book. And at the end of the month we tally it up to see how close we. We try to stay within a certain budget. So. Is it hard to keep track of it. Or does it work out pretty well? It takes some dedication to do it. But it works out real well. So. And you're staying within your budget and everything is working pretty good. <SEP> I have to stay within it. So I. And then we have that. If something comes up and you can't stay within it then we have a budget for we call our slush fund or something. And an unexpected comes up then you don't feel so strapped. You don't have to go out and borrow it somewhere and do that. <SEP> Because we don't charge anything that we can't pay off by the end of the month. That's a good choice. We're trying to do that this year. We've budgeted the money that we were spending on a CODA account with T I and then money we were also buying stock with for that year. We've taken that this year and said we're going to pay off all of our credit cards. You've got paper under your table. And we have another loan with the bank. <SEP>. And so we hope by the end of this year that by doing that we'll be free and clear. <SEP> To be out of that. Free. <SEP> The only thing we have to pay off is a automobile loan and our house payment. And that's the only thing we ever. That's good to be in that kind of shape. We try to stay out of debt. What are you all trying to do long term. <SEP> It's long term. We just. His retirement plan and then to CODA and stuff like that that's all we. And we just have our life insurance for right now. So we don't have any long term in stocks or anything like that right now. So. Mostly what we've done the CODA account with T I where we put in so much a month. And then they or so much a pay check and then they match it. <SEP> That's what we're doing. So that's worked out pretty good. And then I used to work for T I. And I have. When I retired from there or left I took the money that I had in mine and put it in an I R A. And we had an existing I R A. So both of us have some money in an I R A that we're also trying to figure. We're putting it in C D's right now. And then we're also looking at it in possibly getting a mutual fund. <SEP> When ever we get enough saved we stick it in a C D for a while. And then if we need it we wait until it's expired. So. The other thing that we've done that was really nice to see we had one of the financial companies. John Hancock company came out. And their agent did a long term analysis based on salary and what our goals were on a long term budget in terms of retirement kids college paying off the house buying a different house special thing buying land and building our own house. And they did an analysis for us based on what we were putting in and the time frame that we wanted to look at and then gave us some good information back on whether or not we were going to achieve those goals or not and what we needed to do so that we could achieve them and the money we could put in at what time. <SEP> Or not. <SEP> That sounds interesting. We've never done any-. We have. Our life insurance guy has come out. And he's determined how much we need if something were to happen. That's the other financial thing I guess that we've done with our life insurance since I'm at home now is figuring out what we would need if something happened to my husband or what he would need if something happened to me. That's a big thing to think about. If I would sell the. If something would happen to him I wouldn't stay in Texas. I would sell the house and move back home to my home town. And I wouldn't stay here in Texas. So I don't know what he would do. I guess that's most of my financial plans right now. <SEP> Mine too. Is there anything you'd like to add? That's about all for mine. It's been nice talking to you. <SEP> Nice talking to you too.