. I'll let you start first? I'm presently living in a house. First time. We had the house built. And so this is our fifth year in it I guess. And it was a real excitement to go out and select the house and have one made and built. And like you wanted it we were the fourth to build out of three hundred and forty houses. And as we did with probably ninety-five percent of the people here in Dallas-Fort Worth we bought a Fox and Jacobs home. And they're good for about five years or four years. And after that they start falling apart. So I would not recommend F and J house for my dog to live in because they're overpriced. But they're a cheap house. If you can't afford something good. They're good for that. And you can call it a home because it's a place to go home and keep the rain off your head. But as far as the costs for what you're getting the longevity of the house is not worth it. How about in your case? In my case my husband is not a carpenter. But in fact he's in electronics. But he knew the only way we'd ever have a new home is if he would build it. So it took him about two and a half years. But he built us a house. It's. We have thirty-two hundred square feet. And it's a brick house. And price-wise it was great because he did it all himself. So that way we could kind of control it. <SEP> And we live in kind of a small town. And it's nothing fancy. It's a house. It's nice. And it's real pretty. And we're all comfortable in it. <SEP> That's great. That's great. That's. I've heard. I have another gentleman friend of mine who had a house built. As a matter of fact another guy is building one now. He's been doing it for three years. And the city's a little upset with him. But I understand you save a lot of money off by doing that. And. You can because that way you're not having to pay the middle men and everybody else. Nothing wrong with that. You know. <SEP> I'll vouch for that. But of course my husband did everything except. My brother's a trim carpenter. And he came in and did the inside for us. And that helped. That was a big savings. And. And we had to hire the plumbing and the brick and everything else nothing. He did everything else. We've been in it six years. <SEP> That's great. Have you been in it long? Have you any plans to maybe expand or move onward? We're. Our kids are kind of still small now. And we had thought before maybe a lot older we don't need such a large house that we'll sell it. But he will not build a second one himself. Because he says age-wise he'll never be able to handle that again. <SEP> I see. First one is always a bear. <SEP> We're having an architect friend of mine design a house for us. And that can basically be put in any state. So that's kind of we just got with him and told him what all we wanted. <SEP> And he's charging us about a buck a square foot to design it. And he's certified and registered. At least we know it's not going to fall in or something if it's built. But I have heard that your approach is right. You can actually go out and sub it even if you don't want to get hands on. <SEP> You can even just sub it out to concrete and those kind of things. And that's kind of the plan I have. So I'm. Everyone I talk to I file in my little book and do other things with it. That's great. That's great. But like I said otherwise the expense. But we could not have one as large as we have if we hadn't did it ourselves. <SEP> I can imagine. It's not an Eldorado house or anything like that. But it's ours. If you're happy with it that's all that counts. That's right. That's right. <SEP> That's all. You only have to satisfy yourself and no one else. Apparently the appraisers likes it because our taxes sure is high. That's an encouraging sign if you ever want to resell I guess. Isn't it? It really is. Because I'm always shocked at what they have it appraised at. I think my goodness. <SEP> That's great. I guess that about does it. And it was nice talking to you. Nice talking with you too. <SEP>