I don't know about you. But where I am we have an extremely lax dress policy at work. And it varies every day. From jeans one day to business suits the next. It's pretty bad. But it's true. They tend to try to be real lax. And supposedly the policy is like we hire these wonderful creative people. And we don't want to smush their creativity. We want to go ahead and let them do what ever they want. And you really will see people in jeans one day and business suits the next. <SEP> I'm kind of that way too. I work in the legal department. And where we are now what we're doing is some very big lawsuits that happen to have a heck of a lot of boxes of documents. And I get to toting around boxes of documents several times a day. It always seems like I'm doing that. And I can't see getting dressed up and wearing heels and stuff when you have to carry boxes of documents around. So if I'm just going to be there working in the litigation center and doing odds and ends and stuff with the boxes of documents I dress down. But if we're going to have a meeting where we're having the attorneys come in or other party's attorneys and stuff then I normally dress up. And I'll wear a dress and hose and stuff. We're kind of that way too. I try to. I'm the same way you are. I kind of try to judge from day to day. I know where I am we work a lot with the customers. And we have a lot of government folks come in all the time. And if I know that they're going to be there I try to really watch it and like you say really dress up. <SEP> And if I know they're not. I've been doing a lot of reorganization the last couple of months the same way you are. And it's just impossible to crawl down on the floor and dig through boxes in a dress. <SEP> That's right. That's right. It is. And so. As a matter of fact I thought I had one funny story. When I was at T I the first year or so we were sent out to our record retention facility to look through two thousand boxes. We had them in the warehouse. <SEP> And at that point the warehouse was over across the road. And it wasn't air conditioned. And we were there in the middle of the summer. It's unair-conditioned. It was dusty and dirty. There was a fan at the very end of the row. And that was it. And so we didn't really know we weren't supposed to. We thought T I dress code was just dress appropriate to your job. We wore shorts. We didn't know that was a big no no. <SEP> And the supervisor from another area came up to us. And this area where record retention is there's only a few people that work there. And he knew who worked there. He should have realized that we weren't regulars in the warehouse there. And he came up to us. And he just said who's your supervisor. He called our supervisor and our supervisor's supervisor. And it went up all the way to the head of facilities complaining that we were wearing shorts. He didn't at least say to us did you know you're not supposed to do that. That could have alleviated a big problem. We ended up getting called out on it. How awful. It sounds like Mister Power Hungry. <SEP> Just yesterday though I saw a girl in the spine out here at Lewisville that had on a pair of shorts. And I don't care. You can call them split skirts. And you can call them culottes all you want. But these were shorts. That's all they were. <SEP> I don't care what else you call them. If they're below the knee. Maybe you can call them split skirts. If they're above the knee they turn into shorts. And these weren't even really full ones. They had a problem out here with it last summer wearing these shorts that were the real wide full ones. And these weren't even those. These were pretty short black. And they were very dressy. The were black velvet shorts. And she had on black hose and black heels. And she looked very very nice. <SEP> But you don't wear shorts to work. As far as I'm considered she was in violation. And nobody says anything to them. It's always been a big problem in Lewisville in the summertime. If they just. The management doesn't ever seem to want to cut off that. This is wear we're going to draw the line. This is shorts. <SEP> And nobody will ever kind of take control and do that. So it always gets annoying because the rest of us are going we have a pair of those at home too. It sure would be cool and comfortable to wear. But. <SEP> I've seen some people try to just come in over the weekend because they want to use the TexTeller machine. And they have said no. And then during the week you see these women in the. Just because you put on a pair of hose with them doesn't make them not shorts anymore. <SEP> I've never seen them do it without hose. They always have hose on. But still they're shorts. I don't care what you say. They're shorts. I think T I's dress code is pretty lax considering everything anyway. <SEP> I didn't know that E D S has a very strict dress code. I had a friend. Do they really? I had a friend who worked there for a year or so. And they spell it out. For men it's particular suits the pin stripe and the particular colors of shirts and wing tipped shoes. <SEP> It is definitely lined out. Women are not allowed to wear slacks. You wear coordinated suits. I couldn't afford to work there. And a particular kind of shoe so high heel. It is spelled out. <SEP> When I was looking at her materials when she first started she had her benefits package and all that kind of stuff. And it told about the dress code. And it said these are the color pastel shirts you may wear or white shirts with this kind of stripe in it for the men and this kind of shoe and hair just this way. T I -s says no shorts and no halters. I know that's it. <SEP> And E D S is very particular about this hair cuts. It was like you can't have such and such facial hair no beards and just really detailed. I don't know that that would be a good environment to work in. I see. I am more. I don't know about anybody else. And a lot of bosses may say I'm nuts. But I am more productive when I'm in pants. <SEP> I am. I work faster. I get things done faster than when I'm in a dress and heels. I. And it's weird. But I can get so much more done if I'm dressed comfortable. The time we were there at the warehouse we felt really bad because we had another person coming from Washington our outside counsel. And she was told that we were going to be in a warehouse. But she really didn't get the idea that we were in the warehouse part of the warehouse not the office to the warehouse but the warehouse. <SEP> And she came with skirts just like she'd be going into the office. And we'd try to say didn't you bring any pants or anything. We're out here in the warehouse. You got your skid of that wooden pallet of boxes. <SEP> And you're going to have unload you skid look at the documents in the boxes and then repack your skid. She was so hot and miserable in the skirt. You can't do that in a skirt poor soul. <SEP> She finally tried to go buy a pair of pants. But it was just completely miserable for her. That's terrible. That's terrible. I don't know. I just figure. Sometimes I worry about if I go in in pants. And I never ever ever ever go in in a pair of jeans. But I'll go in in pants. Today I had on a pair of navy blue dress slacks and a peach colored top and not cruddy but not a dress either. And sometimes I wonder if stuff like that will hold you back if you don't dress in your dress for success business suits everyday if upper management doesn't notice that and remember that later on. But I don't know if they do or not. I see a lot of the managers. And they're in jeans. So. <SEP> Some of our people in the legal department. We have assistants to the general counsel. And it's funny. Because there's one that always wears a suit. A matter of fact he's never seen without his jacket to the suit on buttoned. And then there's another one who's a little younger and a little more yuppish. And he's always kind of in the khaki pants and a shirt. <SEP> And sometimes he wears the jacket to it. And some of the patent attorneys have been real casual in their clothes. And then other ones tend to always wear a suit with a very starched cotton shirt. So that's just. Isn't that funny. <SEP> With the little suspenders or something on. We've kind of had a variety there. That's great. But I think a lot of times it's mainly who they're going to meet with. Or they're meeting with people that they know is going to be dressed that way then that's how they are. <SEP> If they're just going to be meeting with T I -ers to talk about a patent kind of thing and they're engineers that they're talking too they dress kind of like how the engineers are dressed. And they're usually casual. That's the smart way to do it. It really is because you're making. When they're meeting with the engineers who they know are going to be dressed down if they come in in a six hundred dollar three piece suit it's going to make the people they're meeting with feel very uncomfortable. Or it would me. <SEP> It's one of those slippery attorneys coming in here. Look at this slick guy. I wonder what kind of money does he make. I can see it now. It was good to talk to you. It was really enjoyable. <SEP> This is kind of a fun project. It really is. I've done some of the other speech programs. But we've never got to talk to another person. It was always just talking to the computer. <SEP> So this is a little different. It's kind of enjoyable. I'm really looking forward to it. A lot. <SEP>.