Have you lived in this area long? I've only been here a couple of years. <SEP> But I've noticed that this year it seems to have been a lot warmer than it has in the past. It's a lot warmer a lot drier too because usually about this time of year you see a little bit more rain. By mid February we start getting a lot of rain. I remember last year or the year before we had ice and snow. But it. <SEP> Terrible ice storm around this time of the year. And this year it's been so hot and sunny. It's really quite amazing. Unseasonable. My wife and I we used to live in San Antonio couple years ago. <SEP> And it was the first day of Spring. It was so much ice that came down later on that afternoon and evening. It was horrible. <SEP> I was just talking to my son today. He's up in Boston. And it was twenty-nine there. And it was in the seventies out here. And it was really. <SEP> He really wished he could be here rather than there. I don't know. I guess I'm just sort of acclimated to colder weather. I like it warmer. I like it warm. But it doesn't really matter. I would much rather see it cool at this time of year anyway because it would mean a little bit more rain possibly. But. <SEP> I have. I don-. I think it's really been delightful. I've spent most of my time in warm weather areas. And the ice and snow just doesn't hold any allure for me at all. I spent three years in Germany. So I'm not too thrilled with the whole thing anyway. But I got used to it. It was really strange. When we came to San Antonio it was just swelter. And then we got used to it. And then we went up to Dallas. And it was just. It's not that it's just hot or dry. It's just not very comfortable. It just. <SEP> Her-. Do you think San Antonio is more comfortable than Dallas. A little bit. <SEP> You must. It must be quite a bit hotter down there isn't it? My wife and I the last day we were in Florida visiting my parents and my brother and sister. We were down there. And the last day right before we left I had to ride with my sister. And the air conditioning went out on the car. And you just get used to air conditioning all the time. <SEP> And this. It was just. The humidity was eighty percent plus. And it was just killing us. It's terrible. Orlando is the only place I've ever been where I've seen the car sweat. <SEP> That's really bad. I guess I've been in some places where the weather was just so mild places like Monterey California or. Just so mild. And then you've been to such extremes like San Angelo Texas where you walk outside and you sweat. You're sweating. <SEP> You look down at your arm. But you see the water leaving your arm. It's so hot you just feel it pulling away bizarre. <SEP> I know I tend to be able to get along with monotony in the weather when it's very temperate. It doesn't. Some people say they like to watch the changing of the seasons. But I'd rather like southern California have it kind of sunny and temperate all the time. <SEP> So it's kind of a luxury. I tend to agree. But I don't know. I think in some respects it probably more tolerable. I guess the weather isn't as lively a topic as some of the others we might have gotten. The other topics. I got one topic. They said talk about the Middle East situ- <SEP> I guess we're supposed to say good-bye or something and think about what. My daughter is here prodding me to say good-bye. We messed up the conversation anyway. I've had some pretty controversial topics. So it's just that was my fault. But then the weather's. It gets pretty mundane. You can only talk about the situation just so long. I know. Weather's just not all that inspiring. It's nice talking to you. <SEP>.