. The question was what is your opinion of youth spending a year or two in public service. I think it would be a great idea. I'm not sure about requiring it of people because people are going feeling resentful. I don't know. But I think it would be a great idea. <SEP> Seems like there's so many kids that don't have any since of what they want to be or do. Or they could learn something and maybe help other people at the same time. And all countries sure need help. So. Would you be more in favor of a local. My only experience with it I was in Central America for a while and in San Salvador in El Salvador. <SEP> For instance everybody had what they called there social year that they had to put in. And basically it was a repayment for high school education. <SEP> And most of them joined the Red Cross. And it was done internally. I just. There was very little external. I think possibly what they're thinking about here more external Peace Corps Type things where we're sending people off shore. <SEP> I think that would be real interesting for people to do. But I guess my concern about that would be the cost involved trying to train people in a new language and ship them to other countries. But I don't know. If you did it internally and it was just people in your own country then maybe countries that are so poor that they wouldn't be able to really send children to do that. <SEP> I didn't know. I don't know how the Peace Corps works. I guess I was of age when the Peace Corps came in and all that. I was too. <SEP> I thought seriously about joining at that time. I thought it was a fantastic idea. Did you ever get any information on it like. I sent off for stuff on it. But I don't remember that much. About it. I know that they trained you in the language. And. That's what I was wondering about was whether they actually. <SEP> You actually got paid too while in the Peace Corps. It wasn't much. But I guess you could put some money aside while you were there your expenses and. Wasn't Jimmy Carter's mama that was in the Peace Corps? <SEP> I think so. But it might be interesting to see what would happen if you took then to another country instead of having being exposed to all the drugs and violence and sex and everything here and take them to some other country that had different moral values like Saudi Arabia where they couldn't drink. Where they couldn't do that. You might end up with a revolution. I don't know which end though. <SEP>. That's been interesting though the kids that have been over coming back right now. You wonder if being exposed to that for a while what percentage of them would actually say that's not a bad way to do it. Because from what I understand from some of the guys I know crime is punishable just almost instantly and public. <SEP> Public hanging. Public hanging and this sort of thing. So you don't have just a whole lot of what we consider street crimes. <SEP> I've heard that in China and stuff there is virtually no such thing as rape because if you rape somebody you'd be murdered on the street. So. I guess that's the price of freedom is a little. The public service thing again. I guess in my own having had the whole three or four minutes to give it a great deal of thought I think I agree with you one hundred percent about it being some sort of voluntary. But when you do that then it becomes almost a. Or it can be. <SEP> There have. People will kind of set up their own little club. That's true. But if. <SEP> People that might benefit most from it might not go in that situation like people that really are trapped in a ghetto or something like that. Might not go if it was voluntary. But I don't know how they'd enforce it. If it was. If they went AWOL what are you going to do. <SEP> Shoot them. Put them in jail. <SEP> I don't know. Send them over to Iraq. Have a vacation in Iraq for a year. I know my dad always talked about. He was in C C C during. <SEP> And he was a rock rib Iowa type republican. And the only good thing he could ever say about the whole Roosevelt administration was civilian conservation corps. Because he was in it. He thought that was great. <SEP> The rest of it was all hog wash. But that was great. It seems like it would develop pride in people if it's in their own country. It would certainly help them to appreciate some of the things that we have here and develop some pride in them if it was handled that way. I. It would take quite a few people. I think it might build jobs for people that were administrating and running and training and coordinating and all that. So maybe that part of it would be helpful too. <SEP> I don't know. The only. To have a volunteer come here and rake leaves and mow the grass and. That brings up the interesting subject too. Who would determine what these people do. <SEP> If it's run by the individual state. C C C was run by the army. And in effect. And the only opposition to it really was that it was starting some sort of a military elitist type special corps of cadre of people and that sort of thing. <SEP> And when the politics get real confusing. Really there could be some scandals involved if it wasn't people that were really fair and in a legal way or something. <SEP> They could send all the people over to one particular part of town or one particular project that somebody had paid somebody to get supported. Or. We've gotten to the point where if the racial make up of the group was such and such they'd have to do that percentage of work and what is perceived to be that part of town and That kind of thing. <SEP> That could be a complicated too couldn't it. <SEP> Suppose they had a group who were construction oriented. And they went and they built a swimming pool or anything. And one you can only build it in one place. And know matter where you build it somebody else is going to scream you didn't build one over here. That's true. Unfair or something. I think. <SEP> It's one of those things on the surface it seems like a great idea. It's like a joke I heard once about elephant foot soup. It's easy to do once you find a elephant foot. It's the logistics of the thing that gets you going. <SEP>. It seems like there's a lot. You don't hear much on the news about young people really wanting to do anything good or anything like that. But I'm sure that there are a lot of young people out there that really do have good hearts and are willing to help and serve and that kind of thing. I saw on the news the other night that the little girl that used to be the littlest girl on the Cosby show Kisha Knight Pullman was starting a. I guess now she's practically a teenager. <SEP> She started some type of national organization for youth to volunteer to tutor other kids to read and do different service projects like that and trying to get youth more directed towards helpful things. And I know everyone in the high schools in Dallas. There's a couple high schools that have wanted to start a minority. I think it was in a Hispanic area. They wanted to start a club for the teenagers instead of all these gangs kids could join to belong. But they didn't have anything positive the kids could be doing helping. <SEP> So they were trying to start that out. So if there's kids that are willing to sacrifice their time and energy. We ought to use them. If they're willing to do it. It's just the. Here you are to the logistics of the thing again. <SEP> Who's going to run it. What. How. It's just so many. Like I said at the beginning I've got so many connections with people in Central America. My daughter-in-law is Panamanian. <SEP> And they have situations like that down there. Where they have the social in some sort of way. If you want to go to school outside the country they'd go to school in Cornell Iowa of all places. <SEP> And when they came back they'd have to serve this year. And it turned out to be kind of a joke. The ones I knew always chose the Red Cross because they didn't do anything. I see. And they had all kinds of things they could go into agricultural and Really good stuff. <SEP> But unless there was a flood or a fire or something like that Red Cross it was so many of them in it that your chance of having to do something it was very slim. And so. <SEP> We belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints which is the Mormon church. And there is men and also women. Women aren't nearly as frequent. And also that have elderly couples once their kids have left that can volunteer to go on a mission. And they're all over the world. And it's incredible logistics. They have a training center where they teach them. It's called the Missionary Training Center in Utah. And they have to be taught the language and customs and all those kinds of things. <SEP> And then they go and actually live in that country for the. Young men do it for two years and the young women for eighteen months. Then that's kind of a private organization. I'm familiar with. My instructor pilot was a Mormon. He was a good instructor pilot because he considered himself indestructible. <SEP> He had a direct connection somewhere. He felt that he really had an in. So things he would do with an airplane. <SEP> But any rate that's off the subject. But I. <SEP> They don't get paid for it. But there is funding that comes. They're supposedly saving up on their own. And the church helps them out some. But you know that it is incredible. I see how they were organized in Central and South America. <SEP> And it's.