I don't know. Which end do we push. But. Let's see. I think there's a lot of people that don't vote because they don't really think their opinion is going to be heard. And there's such a small voice and such a huge number of people in the United States. And that. Their vote's not going to make that much difference. And whether you vote for one person or the other person the issues is what you believe in. And that person is going to have a lot of. Since there's so many issues this one person can believe a lot of different ways on all of them. <SEP> So it would be really difficult to have that one perfect person that believed exactly what you believed. That's true. A lot of people. I think that it ends up the people that vote every time elections come around are more the party type followers the guys that follow the party lines. And they just go in. And if they're Republican they vote Republican every year. And the people that are independent are the ones that don't really show up every year because they can't seem to decide which are the good aspects and which are the bad aspects of a candidate. <SEP> That's good. Ye-. I always thought. It was back when Anderson was running I was hoping that things would change and he'd actually get elected and party politics would start going down the tubes. But that didn't work. <SEP> There's a lot of extremes on the parties too with the real far side of the Democrats. They're real liberal now to where probably fifty or a hundred years ago the Democrat party being liberal like they are now would never be thought of. It would be the other way that the Republicans were real liberal minded as far as moral standings and those kinds of things. <SEP> But. That's. And then people always get upset about it too because every year the politicians are the ones that are usually pushing for more people to vote. They each think that if more people vote they'll get more votes? <SEP> I'm always amazed that each candidate thinks it's going to be the people that come out that will vote for him. That's true. I think in the Texas governor elections more people turned out to vote against somebody than for somebody this time. That. I know that there's certain issues that can really motivate people because we live in a predominately Catholic type area. <SEP> And when things start. When abortion comes on the issues and people just get all inspired. And still on the other hand we're also. This particular community is a Catholic community. But down in D C where things are a little bit different it's women's rights and that sort of movement. And so it's quite the opposite. So elections start getting very. The elections where they have that topic seem to be a little bit better attended than some of the other ones. <SEP> That's true. But. That's true that the different places in America that different issues would be a lot more important than in another place. I can understand why some of the rural areas the voter turnout isn't as much because it does seem sometimes like the lobbyists in D C are controlling things for the Midwest. <SEP> And it doesn't matter who they put in office they're going to fall subject to the pressure that the lobbyists can put. And it's real true that they'll say one thing to get elected. <SEP> And then once they do get elected they don't have the power or the authority or the willingness to do those things that they promised beforehand. Maybe it just wasn't possible at all in the first place like the no new taxes thing. That's. With the economy going the way it is and everything that was nearly ridiculous thing to even try to do. <SEP> I don't think he's going to have to worry about that next year. I think he can probably raise taxes and still get elected. <SEP> After the war. That really. Unfortunately that will probably even drop lower the voters turndown even more because more Democrats will think that they don't have a shot. So they won't even bother turning out. <SEP> That's true. They'll just say the Republicans have this election. We'll see you in four years. Hope some of the local. That's what they keep saying that it seems like people with old-fashioned values are the ones that aren't turning out at the booths. They say that these older voters that they feel like the kids are running the country. So they don't turn out to vote. And they're the ones that really know what's going on have the experience and seen how politicians can screwup or what ever. <SEP> But I know my grandmother hasn't voted in years. That's. Neither has mine as a matter of fact. And that's true. I think they look at it as everybody the majority of the people think this way when that's not necessarily true because that's what the media says. <SEP> The majority believes this way. So they don't even bother turning out to vote to express their opinions. So that's true. Wonder if they're going to take into account this computerized conversation that there's little children bouncing in your knee the whole time you're talking. <SEP> Do you hear the dogs in the background here? I can't hear them. They're. The children next door just opened the fence. And they went off. <SEP> But anyway that's. I guess we've talked long enough. And that was sort of interesting. What part of the country are you from? Washington D C. <SEP> Are you really? This is. I'm from. This is Dallas where I'm at. <SEP> The outskirts of Dallas. I figured with Texas Instruments they'd probably have a few Texans on the line now and then. Do you work for T I in any way? <SEP> How did they get you? They went through engineering companies. And we're communications. I work in a communications company. <SEP> I work for T I. So we saw it on the T News one day. And I thought that might be interesting. Sort of different. They called me at ten o'clock one night. That was very strange. <SEP> I guess they were doing Eastern Standard Time. I was like. I don't know how long it takes whether it takes five minutes or twenty minutes. Central Standard Time is what they're doing it by. <SEP> I still haven't figured out the zero through six days which day is which yet. But I didn't study it that hard. So maybe I'll figure it out. <SEP> But it was nice to talk to you and sort of meet you. And that was an interesting topic. If you're ever in D C come look up Wayne Sherman you'll say talked to that guy. <SEP> I'm Kyle Hunt too if you ever come to Dallas area. <SEP> We live right by the airport. So do we. Right next to Dulles. <SEP> I'll talk to you later. <SEP>