This is Archie. Archie. I'm Sharon. Have you seen DANCING WITH WOLVES? <SEP> I've seen that. That was a really good movie. Probably one of the best things about it was the scenery. And I thought the story was pretty good too. I think Kevin Costner did a really good job with it. Have you ever lived in that part of the country? I haven't. Have you ever visited it? <SEP> I've visited the Wyoming area. I'm not sure exactly where DANCES WITH WOLVES was filmed. I think it was the black hills of South Dakota. Could be. I haven't been to South Dakota. Have you been up to that? I lived in Omaha for five winters. <SEP>. And that rolling kind of. <SEP> Terrain. Is fairly famili-. The thing that I thought was interesting was that the critics. Apparently it's going to win everything. And I had been told you wouldn't notice that it was three hours long and all this kind of. <SEP> That's true. I agree with that. I noticed yesterday in the paper something said that it. I think it's been nominated for twelve awards. And all the critics initially said that it wouldn't go anywhere that it was just going to be a dud. So it has surprised everybody. The interesting thing is I had heard that. And I tend to overreact occasionally when somebody tells me it's that great. And the thing is it was a good story. <SEP>. And I guess that's what I really like. Although I must admit I did look at my watch after about an hour. <SEP> Did you? Have you seen SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY? I've heard that's really great though. <SEP> You have to go see that one. And how about SILENCE OF THE LAMB? Go. You must really keep up. <SEP> I do. I go every weekend. I. Those are two definite must see movies I think. SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY isn't that a. Is it a terror movie. Or is it just suspenseful? It's suspenseful. I don't think it's very t-. There's not really any blood and guts in it or anything like that. It's more suspense. The other one SILENCE OF THE LAMBS is kind of a gory movie if somebody's not into that kind of stuff. It's pretty graphic at points. But I think they're both excellent movies. Do you listen to Gary Cogill? <SEP> Is. Do you know who he is? Somebody in South Carolina told me about him. He's the movie critic. You've. He's a movie critic on channel eight in Dallas. <SEP> And he has a talk show on the K L I F. Anyway it's on from seven to nine or something. And people call in. And it's. If you keep up with movies it's kind of interesting. There's a certain a mount of dribble that they do. They've got a couple of kids ten or twelve years old. And they call in. And they review movies. But it's. Anyway he. It's interesting. You listen to him. And then you go watch the movie. In fact people had just seen. I was listening Sunday night a little bit when I was going to pick up my daughter. <SEP> But anyway it was the. It's interesting though. The difficulty with DANCING WITH WOLVES is that when you make a movie like that and you produce it and then you star in it the question is did he really know it was going to be good. Or did he just do it? I think he really. His heart was in it. But I don't think he really knew it was going to be as big as it was. I think it was something that he really wanted to do. He wanted to direct it. He wanted to star in it. He enjoyed the story line. And I think he really wanted it. And whether it won all kinds of awards or whether it just was okay at the box office I think he would have been happy. Because I think he did a good job. The self-satisfaction he got out of it is much greater than any awards that they can give him. Do you know who the guy was that was playing the wagon driver? <SEP> A little piece of trivia. The guy when he first headed out from the army post. Who. I don't know who that guy is. He plays on MURPHY BROWN. <SEP> He does? He's Eldon her housepainter. As a recurring character every week? <SEP> Can you believe that? <SEP> I'd a never put those two together. That's one of those interesting pieces of trivia that somebody said did you notice that? I thought it's really funny. But I thought it. You think back. And. It was him but with the beard and all that stuff. <SEP> It's. Real scruffy looking. Real scruffy looking. <SEP> And it was really funny that he winds up playing in the movie. But I thought it's good that. It was a lot of fun. I don't know how long this conversation is supposed to go. But we're at about five minutes. I should think we've done enough. <SEP> You think so? I haven't been watching my watch. I guess. Does it usually cut off? Is that what it does? I don't know. Why do we end this thing? <SEP> It used to just automatically cut off. I think it just says hang up. But it says when the conversation is over just say your good-byes and hang up. So I guess so. Why don't we do that? <SEP> Sharon. Good talking to you Archie.