What do you think in terms of benefits? Personally I think. Of course I'm sure we're familiar with the exact same benefit package. And I think that we've probably got one of the best around. Besides they tend to offer adequate vacation I guess. And the paid time off is wonderful. And one of the things that we were just talking about as a matter of fact this week at work was the CODA Plan that is offered. And I think that is just a fabulous one. So. I don't know if you participate in that or not. But. <SEP> Isn't it great? It's just a miracle how fast that adds up. I have to agree with that. I was thinking about importance of benefits and that kind of thing other than salary while I was waiting for the system to find a respondent. <SEP> And I started thinking that over the years that importance has changed. And I suspect that that's probably true for everyone. When I was much younger it was less important to consider retirement and less important to consider medical benefits. But as I grow older and my family grows the medical benefits are more important. And the retirement is more important. <SEP> I had never really thought of it that way. But I guess that's true I guess that's true. I'm still young enough that the vacation's real important to me. And the paid time off is real important to me and that kind of thing. But as a matter of fact I just celebrated my fifth year at T I the end of last month and kind of started looking through the book because of that. Now that I'm a hundred percent vested you kind of look through the book and see what does that mean and what is the pension all about. And when you're in your. I'm only in my late twenties now. So you tend not to think about retirement. But it's. I guess now is the time to think about it. So. Does T I have a pretty good retirement package? I think they have one that we need to recognize that we're going to have to supplement ourselves. And that's certainly one of the reasons that they've begun the CODA Plan. <SEP> It's certainly a supplemental way. And I suppose maybe in your instance if you're started with T I in your early to mid-twenties and happen to stay with them until you're sixty-five then you'll have a very good retirement plan. <SEP> But I had another career first and then came to T I a little later. So it's not. All by itself it won't be adequate for my situation. <SEP> It's not going to build up quite enough. So I have to find a way to supplement that. <SEP> They seem to make it so easy to save. One of the things that we're doing which is probably the worst investment in the world. But I've got money coming out to buy savings bonds just coming straight out of my check. And it's probably not a great investment. But if I wasn't doing that the money wouldn't be being saved anyway. I kind of have to trade off. If you never see it you don't spend it. And it's. I understand though. It. Believe me I do that myself. <SEP> Do you? And I disagree with you. I don't think it's the worst investment in the world. Do you really not? <SEP> I debate about whether it's really good or not. It's in terms of guaranteed return on investment. And maybe you don't start looking for that word guaranteed until later. <SEP> It's shown a history that sure beats anything else. Over many many years. That's true. That's very true. <SEP> We went and did a thing through I B S which is a financial consultant type thing here in Dallas. And one of the things that we talked about with the counselor there was. They work up this whole big profile for you all the things that you need to work on and you need to do. And then one of the things that we talked about with her was the need to save for our son's education. We have a two year old. And we can't start saving for college when he's sixteen. We have to do that now. And they have a way that they can figure what. And he's two now. In sixteen years when he's ready to go to college this is how much it'll cost. And it's just really scary the thought of how much it's going to. What it costs now is ridiculous. What it's going to cost sixteen years from now is just really scary. And they sat down and figured up that we needed to save between fifteen and seventeen hundred dollars a year at a six percent interest rate to be able to have money for his college. And that's exactly what we have coming out in saving bonds is about fifteen hundred dollars a year. So I guess it. In that way at least we know that that's taken care of. We can worry about other things. So. I understand that approach. That's exactly what's happening in my family. <SEP> Is it really? Except that mine are a little bit older. And I've shown them the numbers and said this is what's going to be available. All this is going to do is give you a little spending money while you're there. <SEP> You better make sure that you've got a scholarship. That's right. <SEP> That's right. That's what she said to us. She said do you all want him to go to a state college or a private college? And our answer was that we will have enough money available for him to attend a state college. And if he wants to go to a private college he can get a scholarship to attend. And that was kind of our view on it. It just costs too much. You just can't do it. So I don't know. It's. I don't. It just amazing. It amazes me how much the costs are going to go up over the next ten or fifteen years. I just don't know how anybody's going to do it. I know. And it gets really scary when you start talking to them. I have an eleven year old daughter now who's saying Dad I want to be an allergist. And I said that's wonderful. I applaud that. Let me explain to you how you get scholarships to do that. <SEP>. And then her little brother's only two years behind. <SEP> And he says I don't know. I think that I probably want to be a veterinarian. And I said that's great. Let me explain to you how you get scholarships to do that. That's right. <SEP> That's right. T I offers some good stuff. And then I think there's some negatives. But there's going to be some negatives anywhere no matter where you go. I have all. This is the first really large company I've worked for. I've. Always been involved in little small privately owned firms. And so I've never had the big benefit package. So I really don't know how to compare it to other big companies. When I came on it was great because I had never had anything even close to what they offered. So I've been real pleased. That's fantastic. And on whole I would say that they're equal to most of our competitors. <SEP> Think so? I can see some potential changes that probably would not cost very much but might make things a little easier. Such as offering a smorgasbord. Having a larger variety of benefits. But here's the amount that T I is going to pay for it. <SEP> And you can pick what you want. And. Now it's up to you. It's menu selection so to speak. <SEP> That sounds really good. I read a thing. I don't even remember if it was in the DALLASITE or the INSITE one about companies allowing you. And they said that T I was looking into it to purchase extra vacation days. Which I thought sounded like a good idea. If you've been there under five years and you get two weeks of vacation. But that's really not enough. And you want an extra week then you can purchase an extra week of vacation by saying I'm going to want an extra five days this year. And they'll take a set amount out of each paycheck. And they're deducting it all along. So you can have an extra five days off and be paid for them at the time. You're really not being paid for them. The money is actually coming out of your own pocket. But it's coming out a little bit at a time instead of all at once. So that is kind of an idea that a lot of people sounded like that they were really interested in. And T I said that they were looking into something like that. So. I could certainly personally stand seeing them go to a standardized compensatory time for overtime. <SEP>. And I don't believe any of us would have to purchase any extra vacation days if they did that. <SEP> <SEP> And I would certainly support something like four to one or five to one. Or maybe they want to get generous and make it three to one. As a repayment for every three to five days that I work overtime there they should give me one day. <SEP>. <SEP> But it should be a standard and not left up to either the whim or the current overhead rate that's running in each department. And. And a lot of that is left up to whoever your supervisor happens to be and what type of relationship you have with that person. And I see a lot of differences from one group to the next about who gets it and who doesn't get it. And that's that way with a lot of things there. It seems like it depends on what group you happen to be in what you're going to get and what you're not going to get. So. That's for sure. <SEP> Which is the same. But then it's probably that way anywhere. That's. I'm sure personalities always come into play. Just in this size of organization.