Diana. Have you all been able to do much as a family these days? <SEP> Pardon me. Have you all been able to do much as a full family these days all of you. We've gone all kinds of places. We go out to dinner. <SEP> We take the kids to the park. And whenever my husband has time off or something we take them to the zoo. Or we do everything we can possibly as a family. Do you work outside the home? I don't. I don't either. It makes it a little bit easier that way. <SEP> It does. An then my husband enjoys spending time with the kids. He'll take them out just to be with them. So they can have time with him. So you have a break too. <SEP> And we try to teach our kids as much as we can at home we try to spend Monday nights and have little lessons with them and just see how things are going in our family and teach them about their grandparents or something like that. Bring out pictures of them so they get to know them. And we just do all kinds of fun things like that. An. We have family that's far away. It sounds like you might too. <SEP> We do. So the only way they know their grandparents is by pictures. And. And phone calls that's about it. <SEP> And we go to the park. Or we go in the backyard and sit down. An. That's what we mostly do pretty simple things. Especially since my youngest one is only fourteen months. <SEP> She's really getting to the age where she's playing and likes to go places. <SEP> And with me being at home and just having the one income you don't have this lot of extra money to do a lot of extra things. That's right. So you make more fun than. The kids just think it's wonderful just maybe to go get an ice cream cone or or go get a bag of M and M's or something like that. That's a big thrill for them. <SEP> They think that's a lot of fun. So we try to spend as much time as we can. We. Our whole weekends are devoted to our children except for we might go out one evening or something. But during the day it's all devoted to our kids. And they go to church with us. And so. That's true. <SEP> So. Have you ever been to the Science Place? That's what. We haven't lived here too long. And we went there a couple of weeks ago. And. <SEP> The kids thought that was wonderful. We. I guess there's Science Place One and Science Place Two. We've only been in Science Place Two. I'm not sure which one we went into. It was about a year or so ago when we went. The one we went in had. The thing that sticks out most in my mind is a kid's place area. <SEP> They really seemed to go wild in there. They had a lot of fun in there. And there's some petting. I think it's Owens Country Farms has a free petting a farm that you can go to. And the kids can pet animals and stuff. Where's that. <SEP> That's on Plano Road. It's in Richardson you go up Plano Road. It's a little bit past Campbell and Plano Road. And that's a lot of fun. <SEP> They have tours going through there. And the kids think that was a lot of fun too. That does sound like fun. It's a little bit of a ways. Whenever we take them to Showbiz. Or they think it's wonderful just to go to McDonald's. They don't go for the food. They go to play around. And There's another place in Mesquite called Monkey Business. That's right. <SEP> And it's a indoor fun park. And it has a bunch of different rides for kids. That's sounds fun too. <SEP> And parents get in free. And during the week. It's five dollars admission per child all day. And you said about Plano and Campbell is the petting. The petting farm. That sounds fun. I think maybe we'll try to do that. <SEP> And the one in Mesquite is Scyene exit. And it's. The kids just had a wonderful time there. You just pay that admission. And then all the rides are free. Of course they have all the little video games and those little quarter rides to and stuff like that. But they thought that was lot of fun. <SEP> You can have birthday parties there. An I think that was better than Showbiz Pizza cause there's more for them to do. Because they can just do. You don't have to have tokens for everything. <SEP> So they had a lot of fun. That does sound like fun. I've gotten some good ideas from you. We try to do a lot of things as a family and inexpensively as possible. So. I think I don't know if we've done five minutes. But I'm sure that will be good. <SEP> That will be good. It was good talking to you. It was good talking to you. I really appreciate your suggestions. <SEP> No problem. Take care.