. Particularly what kind of music do you like? I mostly listen to popular music. I listen to it all the time in my car. So I tend to be one of those people who switches stations a lot because I don't like commercials. But I find myself listening to popular music. <SEP> And quite honestly I have some little children. And I unfortunately found myself listening to a lot of nursery rhyme music here lately. But that's not by my choice. How about you? <SEP> I don't have that experience to share. Lucky you. I do listen to a lot of. I switch the stations a lot because I don't have a cassette player in my car. <SEP> However I do like a lot of different forms of music. So I switch quite often. I think I like. I'm really particular about the type of music that I listen to. But the. There's such a wide selection. I like a little bit of a lot of different types of music. I like music that I feel. If it is performed correctly or if it's done right or if the version is done right I like it. <SEP> But if it's not then I won't. I really don't. How do you feel about rap music? Rap. It seems to be so popular these days. <SEP> I don't really have anything against rap music. I. The one thing I do object to about rap music is when it becomes militant or if it's violence oriented. <SEP> I have strong objections to that. Actually I listen to. One time I remember I. When it was really just starting. When it was just starting I heard what was called talking blues which actually is rap. <SEP>. <SEP> And it was about. The piece of music was about forty or fifty years old. And it was incredible the parallel between it and rap. And you listen a lot. If you hear a lot of old gospel especially the black gospel. You can really pick it up. You really. It seemed to be influenced by a lot of different music. A lot of times you'll hear songs that you know they're not original but have been put to a rap kind of a rhythm. <SEP> And it sounds so much different. And yet I have a much younger sister who listens to a lot of rap music. And she thinks it's pretty funny how often I know all of the words to songs that she's listening to. And yet she thought they were brand new original pieces. <SEP> They do cover versions of standards. That's right. <SEP> I think it's kind of absurd the fact that they don't really give the original artist or the original composer the credit that is really due to them. I guess there was even a bit of ruckus caused by the M C Hammer who's really. <SEP> Seems to be the hot one of today. He used WILD THING. Do you remember that song. He used. I can't remember who the artist was on that. <SEP> Jimi Hendrix was the original. Who? Jimi Hendrix was the original. He wrote. Was it. Maybe it wasn't that one. Because it was a living person that I'm thinking of that said `` those are my words. ''. <SEP> And I guess that they because they hadn't originally gotten permission from him to use it. And he since then has amended that and paid them his royalties every time the song goes on. But. <SEP> I don't know. It may have been somebody else because I think that even Jimi Hendrix did it. I think that was a cov-. Come to think of it I think that was a cover version of a John Lee Hooker song or something. Maybe so. I can't think. It was just like. It was really old. <SEP> I. There are so many different songs. The whole thing about cover versions a lot of times. I've heard some songs that I just thought were horrendous cover versions of. I'm I don't want to listen to this. Because you think of the original is. That was really great. That was a really good piece of work. And then when you hear the cover it's what are they doing. They destroyed it. <SEP> I think a good one was. There was a Peter Frampton song. And then the cover version I thought it was pitiful. I remember seeing the video of it on M T V. And I thought it was hideous. <SEP> I did too. It was. I didn't like that either. But whatever became of Peter Frampton. There was nothing. He was a phenomenon. There was no reason for him to really come into great stardom or anything. I remember I saw him in a concert when I was. <SEP> I think it. I think it was in high school. I think that probably what did it for him was the fact that he was a good stage performer. He was very good. I remember I saw him in a huge stadium in Philadelphia. It was in J F K Stadium if I can remember. <SEP> Hundreds of thousands of people is what it seemed like. I graduated back in seventy-nine. So. <SEP> But I've really. I loved. I was really into the album oriented music even then. So I was really familiar with a lot of the A O R type music. The album oriented like James Taylor and the Beatles. <SEP> And a lot of people they go they're better than the Beatles. And I'm you don't know what you're talking about. <SEP> The comparison made between New Kids On The Block with the Beatles. It was just. You can only laugh. You just sort of. I guess I can just humor them. At this point. They. I guess our age is showing when we think that. <SEP> But I've liked a lot of the new music. I think when. I saw some promise with a lot of the new wave when it came out back in the mid and early eighties. <SEP> And then I don't know. It's in a very weird position right now. I think that. I like things like to hear what they call world music. Which is using all these natural forms of music. And. Like Paul Simon. Like. Paul Simon. <SEP> Really that's not world music. But what Paul Simon's doing is great because he's using eclectic. Drawing from a lot of different sources and making a synthesis of a new type of music. What do you mean by world music? <SEP> World music is. A lot of where they make music that they adapt to another type of listener. For example let's say you're taking an original Brazilian form of music with a certain style. And then you try to make it a little bit more listenable for another audience a North American. <SEP> And then when they hear it it's another form of music and sort of trying to draw out the best sources. The best of every type of music. <SEP> Because there are some I li-. There are some types of heavy metal that I really like. But I wouldn't say that I completely like heavy metal. I think. And it's the same way with. World music takes the forms that have really been. The cream of the crop. And then taking those qualities and then applying in the styles that are extremely enjoyable and then taking. So then it becomes a kind of music of its own so to speak. Or. <SEP> It becomes a kind of music of its own. When you listen to it it's. I think that they don't use elec-. Some of it. It's. They use electronic and acoustic interchangeably. So a lot of the stuff you hear coming from South Africa now and from West Africa that's considered world music because it's not particularly using certain types of folk styles. <SEP> But they're trying to make it somewhat more modern. I. Another good example was I heard Miles Davis. And Miles Davis worked with Robbie Shoncar if you can believe it. He's a jazz performer. <SEP> And then he's playing with Robbie Shoncar who's a very good. He's a very good arranger. Arrangement to. We're going to have to get off. The. Are they trying to. I don't know. But. We've talked our five minutes though. <SEP> But when I heard his album I heard it and it was just incredible. I've been listening to that a lot lately. I listened. And I heard. You hear this guitar. And then you hear the muted trumpet. I. Me. And you never would think that they can actually play together. But.