. Who's your favorite team? Who do you think? The Dallas Cowboys. <SEP> The Dallas Cowgirls. They did have a fairly decent year finally this year. <SEP> At least they're coming around. They're going to get better. I think once Jimmy Johnson gets his system established they'll do all right. As long as Troy Aikman doesn't get hurt again. That kind of killed them at the end of the season last year. <SEP> I don't even know who your favorite team is actually. I'm a Viking fan. I think I did know that I just forgot. <SEP> And they haven't been doing too hot. So. Has Herschel Walker done much for them? In fact the Cowboys got the best end of that deal. He was a good player. I guess. I don't know. He just never. I don't know. For a while there. <SEP> I've never been over impressed with him. He'd get past six or seven tackles and just keep spinning around and get on into the end zone. But I guess you never could really see him play because with the Cowboys while he was with the team the rest of the team was pretty poor. So you couldn't really tell if it was just him or the team. And I always just assumed that he was too good for the rest of the team. But I don't know. Who's the running. Is it Sammy Smith. Or is it Emmett Smith. Emmett Smith. <SEP> Emmett Smith. N-. He's been doing real good. I'm pretty impressed with him so far. Did he actually play in the Pro Bowl. I remember he was a backup. And then somebody got injured. And he was supposed to go. <SEP> I'm not sure. I haven't been keeping up with football in the fall. I can go on and on about football. But since it's kind of off season it's kind of hard to think back about all that. But. Who else is. There's Mike. Minnesota Vikings used to be the general manager starting the World Football League. <SEP> And he was trying to keep. I can't even think of the guy's name either the coach of the Vikings. I have no idea. Bu-. Jerry Burns. No earthly idea. <SEP> He was going to keep him as the coach somehow. But I don't know. I'd like to see the Vikings get revamped somehow. How did they end up this year? Did they make it to the play-offs at all? They started out really bad. They went one and six. And then they won five or six in a row. <SEP> So they were in a shot to make the play-offs. And they screwed up the last couple of games. Kind of like the cowboys. I guess you can. Except I think the Cowboys are on the upswing. I don't know about the Vikings. <SEP> Just hadn't heard much about them lately. And the Cardinals were kind of like the Cowb-. In fact they were doing better than the Cowboys. And the Cowboys came on strong at the end of the season. And the Cardinals got killed by the Cowboys. So. The Cardinals I don't know. I think the Cowboys probably have a better team. They just. At the end of the season the kind of got messed up with Aikman getting hurt because Laufenberg just couldn't ever really get it together at all. Of course he sat along the sidelines all season. He never really got in a game never did a whole lot. <SEP> Don't made any excuses for him. I'm just saying I shouldn't blast him like that say Laufenberg got out there and blew it for them. He didn't get to see much action. But too bad. Because he had a shot and didn't look too good. And so no one's going to have much faith in him any more. In fact I think they're getting a different guy for a backup quarterback. I haven't kept up with it lately. But I remember reading something a few months ago about them signing somebody else on or trying to go after somebody or trade for somebody. But it wasn't anybody I'd really heard of. But I heard on the radio this morning or yesterday morning that Aikman's back in practicing doing real real well. Who is it Michael Irvin. <SEP> He said that Aikman was hitting him right on the numbers every time. So sounds like he's going to be all right for next season. They're just trying not to overwork him right now until he gets his shoulder back in shap-. It was his shoulder that he had the problems with? I don't know. I think it was. I think it was his shoulder he had surgery on. But they're trying to keep him from reinjuring anything but. <SEP> But I got my thirty day notice yesterday. Thirty day notice for what? I'm done where I work. <SEP> I guess we can't talk much more about that. But I just thought I'd throw that in there. What. Maybe I'll call you back after the recording is finished. Actually I think we have talked about football for five minutes. I can't remember. I've always ran out of time ever since I've done this. I usually have too. <SEP> They always say you've talked your ten minute limit. I've done that once or twice. I didn't look at the clock when we started talking. So I guess we should talk about football a little bit longer just to be sure we got five minutes in. Make sure we get our cash flow. <SEP> Other than the Vikings who do you like? Actually when I was younger I was a Cardinal fan too. <SEP> Remember Jim Hart? Jim Hart was playing. Terry Metcalf was on the Cardinals. This was a long time ago. I don't know who else I've ever. That's about it. I was always a Viking fan. I think I was into the Cardinals for a little bit. And. Back when they were in Saint Louis? <SEP> Of course. Since they've been to Phoenix they haven't been all that impressive I guess. I guess I've always been a Cowboy fan. Other than that when you grow up in a city that has one of the greatest football teams until the last few years you kind of tend to get caught up in it. The Cowboys were America's football team. <SEP> There's no question about that. So. It was really exciting growing up when the Cowboys were really big. Because my parents would always have season tickets. And they'd go to all the games. And the hype were just unbelievable. It's just the last. I guess probably since about eighty-four about eighty-five was when they started kind of going downhill really. But I'm just used to always growing up and hearing Cowboys Cowboys Cowboys and Super Bowl and all this other stuff. So I can't. I'm not going to decide I don't like them just because they're having a few bad years. I think they'll pull out of it. And they'll wind up being good again. They've got lot of really good young players that are going to do pretty good I think. But they're raising prices on their tickets. So they're banking on doing good next season. I think tickets are. <SEP> Again. What are they going up to thirty bucks or something? Thirty or thirty-two for really good tickets. They sectioned it out even more. They used to just have. First of all it was all one price. And then they sectioned it out to end zone and then everything else. And now they're sectioning it off from one twenty yard line to the other one. Just on the lower levels is the highest price. And then the next highest price is that same area but above it on the upper level. And then from the twenty to the ten yard line. And then they're some sections kind of in the corner areas. And then the cheapest of course is going to be the direct end zones. But they have about four or five different prices now. That they're structuring it with. But obviously they're all going up more or less is what it's going to do. <SEP> So now the tickets even got lower than the lowest one last year. I'm not sure. I'm not positive. I didn't really think about that. I just remember trying to figure out where you could get. That was real close to the good section but in the little bit cheaper. But not that I'll ever go. I hadn't been to a Cowboys game. Last time I went to the Cowboys game was during that N F L strike or when they had the scab teams in there. And it was the Dallas and Washington Redskins game. And I went because my dad can usually get a hold of some free tickets because a lot of those doctors have season tickets. And if they're not going to use them they'll give them to somebody else. So I went with my dad to a game that one time. But that wasn't a real. It was the scab teams. It was kind of different I guess. And before that it's been quite a few years. I've been wanting to go to a game. I just never have gotten around to it. So maybe this year. That's interesting. I almost lost our electricity here.