. What do you think about the idea of kids having to do public service work for a year? Do you think it's a. <SEP> I think it's a pretty good idea. I think they should either do that or afford some time to the military or helping elderly people. Def-. I think that we have a bunch of elderly folks in the country that could use some help. And I think that before we expend all our young talent overseas and helping other countries we ought to perhaps give a little bit of our help to our own folks at home. And I'm not sure that that's not a bad idea. That's true. <SEP> Or the military for a year or two wouldn't be bad for. I think it teaches kids how to grow. How about yourself? I agree with you. What I'm thinking about is back when I was a kid and much earlier than that kids were kind of i-. The parents kind of pushed them to join the Boy Scouts or Girl Scouts. And they did do a lot of public service activities. But these days they're not. Parents aren't encouraging their kids to do things like that. Because when I was in the Girl Scouts we did a lot of public service things because that's just part of the scouting and. <SEP> I've. That's really great. I really think that both the Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts is two excellent organizations. They are. But parents. Kids seem like when they get ten or twelve years old they fall out of that. They do. <SEP> And they don't follow it at all. There are very few Scouts go on and become Eagle Scouts. And I don't know what the high rank is for the gals. But. I. Senior. <SEP> Senior. So there's not. They're just not. Once they get into junior high it just not done anymore. They lose interest. <SEP> And then when they young adults there's even less interest there. They're more for. Me. <SEP> Not. Grab. Grab. Grab. Walk out. You're absolutely right. <SEP> I think it's really a good thing. I like to see. Of course there's third world countries that can use all kind of help. But there's a lot that can be done right here in this country too. But I think we ought to start right here at home. <SEP> I'm. I'm not so sure that helping overseas would be such a hot idea for a lot of young people. It. But since there is much that needs to be done here. <SEP> I think that we need to really address what we've done here. And then perhaps even a six month tour overseas that gives them much broader outlook. It's been really good. We talked about this for a few minutes. And hopefully we'll have other good topic maybe another call someday. But I don't really have too much more to say on this topic I guess. I agree with you. <SEP> I guess we both agree that it's a good thing that they should do sometime. <SEP> You take care. And enjoy the day. You too. You too. <SEP> Thank you ma'am.