. What is. Do you have a favorite recipe? That's what it said to discuss some maybe a recipe. It says what you would have for a dinner party. This is strange because I pressed one and I thought it said begin. <SEP> Maybe we're all set. We'll talk for five minutes. They interrupt at the end. It says what you would have for a dinner party. I just happen to plan one out for Saturday. I'll tell you what I'm going to have. If I can find it. That's wonderful. <SEP> I have this new fondue pot. And I was going to do basic cheese fondue. And I have two different kinds of breads and some ham. And I was going to try something weird which. When you have fish au gratin. I was going to make some fish chunks and dip it in the fondue. I don't know if it will come out. That's. What kind of fondue the cheese dip or. The cheese fondue I make. Some people like swiss. I prefer cheddar. And I'll mix. I won't have a sharp cheddar because for fondue I think it should be a little calmer than real sharp cheddar. <SEP>. And then I was going to make other things like potato skins. <SEP> That sounds good. You don't necessarily have to dip this stuff. And I was going to have broccoli and cauliflower for a vegetable. That's always a good thing. Vegetable trays always go over so well because I think people get tired of eating junk. I think they like to have healthy stuff too. It's. It's amazing how vegetables trays will go at a party. <SEP> I think better even than other kinds of food. Instead of something greasy or. My girlfriends do catering. And always about every party they do is they have a vegetable tray. I think they try and suggest it. <SEP> What I've been doing when I get invited someplace and bring something I make food kabobs. You take little toothpicks and cut up pineapple and strawberry and even banana if you can do it just before you leave. <SEP>. It stays nice and fresh. <SEP> That's true. Or even have you ever seen where they'll take a watermelon and just cut the top out of it and then hollow that out and then put the fruit in the watermelon that is really neat. I like those. <SEP> They made a couple of those. They made one for my bridal shower. And I was pretty pleased. I never made one for myself though. But they look easy enough to make. It's not. I think it would be a lot of work. Because it's. <SEP> You have to cut each thing or use the melon baller and stuff. But I think they're really neat. And I think they're worth the time because they. You get probably pretty sticky after you get done. Then you've got to drain the water out of the watermelon because when you scrape it it makes the water. <SEP>. Something I do. Is I'll make chocolate sauce and dip strawberries and bananas in them. I have two nieces. And they go melt some chocolate chips. Go buy me some strawberries. Is that good? I've seen that so many times strawberries dipped in chocolate. But I've never tried it. Are they really good? If you get a sweet strawberry they're much better. But if you get a sour strawberry. <SEP> I bet it doesn't mix well does it? The strawberries are coming in season now from. They're coming up from Florida of course. I live in Vermont. But they're really reasonably priced. They're coming up from Florida. So. That's good. Because I know they've been really expensive lately. Because they weren't in season. <SEP> Of course they had to be grown in greenhouses and stuff and in. Actually I think they get some of them from South America. Is that right? They. A lot of winter produce comes from South America. <SEP> I. Of course their seasons are switched. Do you want to discuss the recipe? <SEP> I have a recipe if you want. It filled. A lot of people try to stay away from this. But I make my own homemade pudding just because I don't like box pudding. <SEP> Is that right? I've never heard of that. And it if you. First of all I take about a quarter and a half of milk. And I put it in a two quart saucepan. And you put it on a really low heat. And you want to use one of your good sauce pans that dissipate the heat because it ends up burning. No matter how careful you are you still might get a film on the bottom of the pot. <SEP> I don't let that worry me. And I get the milk lukewarm. And then I pour about a half a cup of cornstarch in it. And I have this thing. It's called the slender blender. It makes a whip topping out of milk if you get the milk cold enough. It's I don't know. They're called moo goo leaves or something. They're sl-. I think I know what you're talk-. Is it a hand held? They're real neat. <SEP> The. I think they're real reasonably priced. Some of them they used to be a hundred dollars. And they used to whip skim milk into a dessert. But I didn't get that one. I got the Black and Decker kind. But it's real handy because it doesn't have a cord. And you beat this cornstarch right into the milk. And it does an excellent job. Or just hand beat it. I guess you could use a hand mixer. But I don't think it gets it good enough. And then before the milk gets too hot I add two beaten eggs and I really mix them in good. And then about a half a cup of sugar. And I let it pretty much. I beat it every minute for about ten seconds. And it starts thickening. When it thickens the cornstarch might get a little. It gets little globs of this rubbery cornstarch. <SEP> And you just keep beating it in. And it's the. The trick is to have this blender. So if you were. You'd have to probably almost go out. And someone who's just going to make it first time it's. You'll have much better luck if you had one of these little blenders. And then you can add cocoa powder to it to make chocolate. Or after it's thickened I cook it for a good. Once it starts boiling I cook it for a good seven to ten minutes. <SEP> And then you can make chocolate. Or you can take it off and let it cool. You put really good vanilla favoring in it and some butter. And that makes french vanilla custard. That is really interesting. Are you saying to use for chocolate unsweetened. A chocolate powder. <SEP> Unsweetened? That cocoa the unsweetened. It comes in a real dark can. Our mothers used to use it. And then. <SEP> I have some. We all used to. I just want to. It's the unsweetened kind. It's not like Nestles Quik. <SEP>. I suppose you could use that. I-. Cooking chocolate. But. <SEP> That's really interesting. I've never heard of anybody making their own pudding before that's really neat. I used to make the regular pudding the chocolate and put it in the pie shell. And if it would sit in the refrigerator for a day where you cut the pie it would soak into the pie shell. And it was red. And I'm. This is kind of groedy. How did you get a recipe for pudding on your own? Actually I found it in one of my mother's homemade cookbooks. Something she had collected out of WOMAN'S DAY or something. <SEP> Is that right? <SEP> That is just really neat. Because I. I think you couldn't make it with a hand whisk or a regular beater. But. It would probably be a lot more work and probably not turn out as good. But I still think a beater would do it good enough. The trick is to get the cornstarch. <SEP> Right in the lukewarm milk. Sometimes I put the cornstarch in a separate bowl. And I would put it in the sink. And I'll take my lukewarm milk and put it in the cornstarch and beat it good. It seems to be better than putting the cornstarch into the liquid. Once it hits the top of the liquid it seems to make little balls and stuff on the top. So you put the milk in the cornstarch? And I'll do this. Sometimes I'll put my after I pour that back into my saucepan. I'll put the eggs in the same dish and beat them up and then pour the cornstarch and the milk mixture in the egg. So. <SEP> And then put that back in the saucepan? And then if you can put your cocoa in with your cornstarch if you wanted to. The cocoa even seems to thicken it even more. That's. Because by the vanilla doesn't seem to thicken as well as the. Sometimes the cocoa is. My husband really likes it thick. He says I can stick the spoon right in this. <SEP> Because I'm always worrying it won't firm up because when you take it out of the saucepan it's I hope this thickens a little more because it's not real package thick. When you cook a package it's a little less. But I put it in a nice glass bowl. And some people don't like that film on the pudding. So you can put Saran Wrap over the top. <SEP> And then once the pudding starts cooling it makes little balls of water on the Saran Wrap. So when you pull the Saran Wrap back you sort of should be a little careful pull it back and shake the water off the Saran Wrap. And I might put it back on. But. Do you put it in the refrigerator then. Or y-. When it starts steaming a lot I definitely put it in the refrigerator. <SEP> But I. My father always told me if you put hot food in your refrigerator you're going to make it work too hard. That's true. I knew that. That's. <SEP> That's why I do that. I don't know. That's my great hard recipe.