. The latest one I've seen had to do with basically a manhunt. And it was called MANHUNTER actually. The guy apparently had a mental disfunction in which he needed to go out and just slay people. Just kill them with as much blood and guts as possible. <SEP> How awful. It was truly awful. It was not one that I picked. But it did show some interesting things about the F B I. Because the characters trying to get him were F B I people. And of the few good things that were in it it did show a lot about the F B I. About the training and how they go through training and how they try to develop a mental picture of who they're looking for before they go out and do it and all the different ways they go about doing that. And it was pretty telling about the F B I and their procedures. I wonder how truthful all of that was or whether there was fiction. I imagine a lot of it had to be fictional just to keep the F B I going. <SEP> They keep it rather secretive. The most recent movie I saw was. Two of them actually. The RAIN MAN was one. That was great one. <SEP> Wasn't that fabulous. And DRIVING MISS DAISY. I loved it. I haven't seen that one yet. And I need to go see it. <SEP> You need to see that. That is the most heart rendering story of relationships between two people. Two diametrically opposed people from the stand point that one was Jewish and one was black. <SEP> And this all took place in the South. And normally never the twain shall meet. You bet especially in the South. <SEP> And it really was a fantastic movie. The acting was phenomenal. As I recall it got some Academy Awards didn't it. Jessica Tandy won best actress. And. That's right. It might have one best picture too. <SEP> It did. It did. Just as RAIN MAN with Dustin Hoffman that was tremendous and Tom Cruise. That was. <SEP> I think it was more a lesson for Tom Cruise than anything else in terms of how to act from Dustin Hoffman. But. That was what much of the hype was that Tom Cruise learned so much from Dustin Hoffman. It must have been great just being with him on a daily basis and seeing how he prepares for his lines and all that stuff. <SEP> And a good bit of that was filmed right in Cincinnati. Which is just forty-five miles from where I actually live in a suburb of Dayton. Is the Kmart there? <SEP> We do have Kmart here. You better believe it. Isn't there a Kmart everywhere? That was so funny. He had to. Or was it Kmart. He had to buy his underwear at Kmart. <SEP> That was hilarious. The first scene in that movie that really got my attention concerning the disease and all that was when he dropped the toothpicks. And he was able to count the number of toothpicks just by a mental image. <SEP> Unbelievable. There are people referred to as savants also who can do most phenomenal things. <SEP> And everyone feels they are totally retarded. Wel- because that's the way they might seem outwardly. That's right. But there's a lots going on in there. <SEP> It's amazing. And I think the best thing about RAINMAN was the way that they put together the real awfulness of the disease only. And then they balanced it with the wonderfulness of it. And you need to work with it certainly on a daily basis but then again work with it toward a good end. Not toward winning in Las Vegas for example. <SEP> And the. The warmth that developed between them. And again it was a picture of relationships. <SEP> Again the relationship between the two that never would have occurred by accident. I was so impressed with that movie. I saw it three times. Did you. I can tell you so much about that movie just because it really rang a lot of my personal background. I have a brother myself that's older. And he's not. Nothing serious is wrong with him. But we have gone through these lapses of a relationship sometimes. <SEP> And then for no real direct reason we get into a really good relationship for a while and then back and forth. So I was really able to relate to the relationship aspect of the movie between the brothers. That was neat. That's tremendous. It's good because it does make you think about your own family. A lot. <SEP> And it did bring out a lot of thoughts between you and your brother. No question. He's one of these guys though that doesn't really like to go see movies like that. He likes the bang them up and shoot them up things. And it was like pulling teeth to go get him to see it. But. He gave the best response that I've heard him give of this type of movie for RAIN MAN. He certainly didn't. He only saw it one time. And he didn't go back for more. But he said he enjoyed it. And. <SEP> He at least saw it one time. And he really. I don't know. He's kind of a Dustin Hoffman fan anyway. But before he saw the movie he was disappointed that Dustin Hoffman would do this. I'm come on. <SEP> Just think of what a phenomenal actor Dustin Hoffman is. He will do that to research it and to be able to mimic a person with the kinds of problems that he had. And to make it believable. <SEP> I was believing it. I don't know about any body else. But I was it was great. I'm sure everybody that saw it was believing it right along with them. He did great. <SEP> It's just been delightful talking with you. You take care up there. And let's hear it for the summertime. Absolutely. I'm ready for it. But they're predicting some more snow for our direction. Take care. <SEP> Take care.