. Where to start. <SEP> I think. I haven't had that much of course. I just heard. But I haven't had that much time to think about it either. I guess the biggest thing I find is the financial aspects particularly the ability of people to access your financial records or your credit rating almost at will. <SEP> That's true. I didn't think about that. And of course flying. Using your Social Security number of course permits people to do that. <SEP> And almost anything you do now a Social Security number is required. And of course there's another aspect of this too in terms of invasion of privacy. I just thought about it. Being a professional of course you probably belong to one or more professional organizations. And that is that. Some of the organizations sell their mailing lists which I think is an invasion of privacy. <SEP> I agree. I get some of these things in the mail that I wonder where in the world did they get my address or where did they get my name. <SEP> And in fact some of these things I get some of these questionnaires. It's funny because I was in the process of filling one out when I decided I would make this phone call. But I haven't got to the end of it yet where it asks all that salary information and everything. But when you have to send that back in the mail with your name on it your salary information I just have a real hard time doing that. And they ask you what type of household items do you own like stereos and T V -s and V C R -s. And you hate to send something off with your name and address. And what types of things do you own. And what kind of money do you make. And you wonder who's going to get ahold of this and think that's a nice place to go rob. And not only that it opens you to phone solicitations. <SEP> And I've noticed more and more over the last six months. I am getting more at home phone solicitations for a variety of things from. <SEP> I got one tonight about six thirty when I sat down to eat dinner. Carpet cleaning. I've had them for carpet cleaning. I've had them of course for real estate investments. <SEP> You get send in this particular card and you get a free trip or something along those lines. And so that bothers me because of course I enjoy being at home and I do not enjoy getting called by strangers soliciting. <SEP> So having your. And I know that a lot of these of course are random phone calls. They just start going through the phone book or going through a series of numbers. But some of them are sold. And I know you. Talking about mailing lists the. I. There is one particular group to which I belong. And for some. Reason they have three different names for me. <SEP> The address is the same my office address. But they have one under my first name James. They have one under my first name and middle initial. <SEP> Then they have a third one under just my two initials. And I get mail here at home under each of those names. <SEP> So I know that they have sold their mailing list. <SEP> And I think those two things bother me more than anything else as far as an invasion of privacy. And I can't really think of anything else offhand that. I think I dislike the phone number part the worst. It's one thing to get junk mail because you can just put it right in the trash. But it's the phone calls. And usually when they call you it's going to be right when you sit down to dinner because they pretty much know that you're at work all day. And they call you right when you've just gotten home from work. The last thing you want is a phone call unless it's something halfway enjoyable. But if it's a salesperson it's just something you don't want to have to mess with. And I've gotten a lot of them lately. Or I'll. Sometimes I come home from work. And there's a lot of hang ups on my answering machine. And I'm just assuming it's probably a salesman that called during the day. And I wasn't home. And they'll probably call me up and call me back and bother me when I sit down to dinner later on. But I find that very annoying. The mail stuff. <SEP>. It's kind of irritating. But it's not nearly as obnoxious as the phone calls. I think you mentioning the phone calls during dinner. <SEP> I know when I sit down with the family and want to have the opportunity to talk and see what's going on and all those things. Even if friends call it irritates me. <SEP> So I try to. Actually during that period of time usually from six o'clock or six thirty whenever I get home until eight or so I will shut off the phone. <SEP> And my daughter gets irate when I do that because she's a teenager. <SEP> So she'll. Why are you cutting off the phone I might get an important phone call. So I guess those three things are the most irritating to me. <SEP> I agree with the phone too in that I'm single. But when I come home from work there's times I need to pay bills. I need to balance my checking account. I need to do all kinds of different things like that. And even though it's friends calling sometimes you just feel like this is my quiet time. I need to get things done. And the phone ringing bothers me. But that's where answering machines are nice because if it's really important they'll leave a message. And I can call them back. That's right. But at work I have so many phone calls from customers calling in. Sometimes I just want to get away from the phone ringing because it really does annoy me. And if I've had a lot of phone calls during the day occasionally when we have. This past week. We have to do a lot of troubleshooting when the programmers have installed a new system. And phone rings like crazy. And you come home. And the last thing you want to do is have to answer the phone. And if it's some salesman that just makes it even that much worse. And it just. I get to where I turn the answering machine on and just let it pick up the phone. But now with this thing I'm participating in I kind of have to answer it because you never know if it's the switchboard or if it's somebody calling that you really don't want to talk on the phone. <SEP> Now we have a voice mail system at the office. What I have done is I have forwarded my home phone to the answering service at the office so that I do not have to have a ring at all. If I want to do that. <SEP> A ring at all. <SEP> That's an idea. <SEP> Or I will just let the phone ring three or four times and know that it will forward to the office. And so it makes it convenient. But at the office when I. On our system and on most systems you can just route it directly to the answering service. Ours is that way too. <SEP> And when I want to be not bothered during the day that's exactly what I do. And so. Yours is probably the same as ours. It's Tigon. Isn't Tigon part of G T E or vice versa or something like that. <SEP> Seems I read. Tigon is part of G T E. <SEP> That's it. That G T E had purchased Tigon. And. That's what we have. <SEP> Except we call it Aspen. Aspen? <SEP> And we. I couldn't remember in Tigon had purchased G T E -s phone mail services or if G T E had purchased Tigon. I knew there was some type of a tie in there. I remember reading in the paper a few months back. But. G T E purchased Tigon. <SEP> And so we had been using the Aspen service before they purchased Tigon. So I imagine we will be shifting over to that service in a while. As soon as we determine what we're going to do with Contel after we bought Contel. <SEP>. <SEP> Dana I think we have probably conversed long enough. I think we did. That's good. <SEP> I didn't think we could go too far on this privacy thing. But I guess it's close enough. <SEP> Thank you for calling. I enjoyed talking to you. Good talking to you Jim. <SEP> Take care.