I would like to talk about just briefly What happened over there in Saudi Arabia in the political context. I think it's refreshing to see the support that the President got from the American people. It. We. I read an interesting article in the paper that discussed that. Seemed that every other time a President tried to get support for an action like President Carter and his thing with the hostage crisis he always did it through rhetoric. <SEP> And this time President Bush did it through action. And he drove policy by the course he took and almost forced public support. <SEP> Or he left almost no alternative. That's right. <SEP> And it was very interesting how he did it. And I'm an Air Force Officer. So it was interesting for me. I'd certainly. I think it's great that all the support. I have friends of mine from the Air. I'm an engineer and work in the Rolm Laboratory. <SEP> But other guys here on base. This is a B fifty-two base where I work. So we had about a thousand people gone from the base that went over there. And they're getting a tremendous amount of support out of it. That's great. If you remember the vote in the Congress to authorize war if necessary was actually pretty close. <SEP> It was. And if if my memory serves me right I believe a majority of Democrats may even have opposed it. It was. I'm. I don't know the exact figure. But I would imagine that because of how close the vote was almost certainly would have to be. Just based on the disparity of Democrats and Republicans in Congress he'd think that it would have to have been. That's right. <SEP> And I. This whole thing now with all the political cartoons on the Democrats and how they're in a sad way for ninety-two now in terms of the presidential election anyway. Especially the ones that came out and said come on guys let's talk about this little while longer. <SEP> How many years are we going to wait. And what do you do with the people that are over there in the mean time. I think that was. All those factors played a part in the. No doubt. <SEP> Everyone was discussing whether we should wait longer. But I know that there's a lot of reasons to wait longer. But I think we were genuinely concerned about their military capability. And I think we over estimated it. But still we were really highly concerned about it. I think so too. And we were worried that they were getting dug in. And. They were. <SEP> And in fact they were so well dug in that when we sent our tanks around behind them they couldn't get turned around in time. They couldn't. It's true. They. Saddam thought he had the whole thing figured out to which way we were coming and what our doctrine was. Had we done a frontal assault it probably would have worked more to his favor. <SEP> That's right. That's true. That's interesting. I think this political situation over there now is. It'll be interesting to see what comes out of it whether this opposition will. Today the Turks agreed to support the Kurds which is something they've never done before. And this. Interesting. The Arabs all of a sudden are cheering for Baker on his drive to reconcile relations with the Israelis. So it's like. Baker is really not very much pro Israel. <SEP> I. And did you know John Sununu is half Arab? I think I did hear that at one time a long time ago. <SEP> Because I used to live in Massachusetts. But. In fact when he was Governor of New Hampshire I believe. New Hampshire. I believe he was the only one of fifty governors that voted against some kind of resolution of support for Israel a few years back. <SEP> And now he is a conservative. But he is not a conservative that favors Israel. And that concerns me greatly. <SEP> I don't. I'd certainly support Israel in their policy in defending themselves and in their handling of their foreign policy. I think the stand they have or the way the command respect. I support that. I think that is a positive thing for them after thousands of years. They ha-. I think they in. When they became a country they more or less decided they weren't going to take it anymore. And. They didn't have much choice. They could either fight or die. And so. I lost my train of thought here. So. So I can't say that I'm pro Israel or anti Israel. I'd like to see them resolve something in that situation and get some stability in the region. And looks that the joining of forces for this Desert Shield and Desert Storm thing ended up being a positive thing. It is a positive thing. However every time an organization such as the P L O says we'll see if we can work with Israel then they get embarrassed every few months by documents that reveal that their ultimate purpose is to totally eliminate them. <SEP> And so you basically have mutually exclusive interests. Either Israel is going to occupy the area. Or the Arabs are going to occupy the area. And I'm just not sure that there's going to be any easy permanent solution. Somebody's going to. And I think that's the problem the P L O has is that whenever one group of them decides that they're going to negotiate or they're going to do something they're going to try to make some peace the end result is that there so many factions of them some more violent than others some with a certain agenda different than the others or they split. They end up becoming divisive themselves. <SEP> I. It's interesting. It is. I'm looking forward to seeing what happens over there in the next couple of months. But that's. I commend Israel for their restraint in not responding to the Scud attacks. <SEP> I know. That is almost. That's absolutely unprecedented. That was an incredible foreign policy coup on the part of the President and the State Department. <SEP> And that's never happened before. And I don't know if it will ever happen again. But. May not. It's been fun I enjoyed talking with you. <SEP> I guess maybe the computer will pair us up together another time. You never know. <SEP>