My favorite probably all time T V show is STAR TREK. And I would it like that. I like the adventure of it. And the idea that we would survive long enough to get to that point and be able to do these fantastic things in space. <SEP> And then I like the. They have a new one now. The STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION. Which it's an all new cast but kind of the same idea going out to new places and doing new things and finding out about different people. And I've always liked that show probably the very best. <SEP> I think I've actually seen a number of STAR TREKS one way or another over the years. Although I never watched it regularly. I'm certainly acquainted with the characters. And then I've seen some of the STAR TREK movies. Those. The movies are good too. <SEP> And I guess most of the shows I like are kind of along the same line because they're all adventure. When I started thinking about this those are some of my favorite shows MCGYVER because it's only one person there instead of a cast of people. <SEP> But he's always going out and inventing new things out of scrap and grabbing what he can and pieces of baling wire and a few tires and all of a sudden he's got a hang glider. And. I don't think I've even heard of that show. You haven't? <SEP> It's called MCGYVER? And what is he? He's a semigovernment type agent. Who works for the Phoenix Foundation supposedly. <SEP> And his big thing is that he can take little bits and pieces of string and baling wire and turn them into fantastic different things. He took a car battery and some wire and two washers one time and made a welder. So he does all kinds of strange things like that. <SEP> Boeing ought to hire him and give him a junkyard and see if he could build a Seven Forty-Seven out of it. See what we can come up with. Do you like the news shows TWENTY TWENTY SIXTY MINUTES those kind of things? <SEP> I used to watch SIXTY MINUTES as a matter of fact. And I used to like the show very much. But unfortunately I find getting rid of your T V set you do throw out some of the baby with the bath water. Some of the little things. <SEP> And I just decided I had to do that. I think in part because it was easy for me to become addicted to it. I could just sit mindlessly in front of a T V set for hours. <SEP> And I just realized I was sort of like an alcoholic. If I didn't get the booze out of the house I was going to drink. I guess I haven't ever had any trouble with that. I have my favorite shows. And I usually make time in my day or my week to watch those. <SEP> But for the most part I have small kids and I try and keep it on just a minimum amount of time really when they're up. Because they're. I guess that falls. And one of my other favorite shows is SESAME STREET because of the kids. I like that real well. <SEP> When my kids were little I did have a T V set. And I did watch a lot of SESAME STREET and a lot of ELECTRIC COMPANY as well. I don't think they have that on anymore. That would be a shame. I haven't seen the ELECTRIC COMPANY in a long time. I remember it when I was younger catching it on P B S. But I don't think they show. It must be in. Maybe it's in. If it was in repeats. But they're not making new ones. <SEP> I haven't seen it in a long time. But SESAME STREET is still really good. How about MISTER ROGERS. Is he still around? They still show MISTER ROGERS. I don't think he's making new ones. But they repeat all the old ones. <SEP> I see. I see. So that's still a real good show too. I. That one tends to come on earlier in the day than I want to turn the T V on. SESAME STREET comes on from nine to ten which is a good time. And everybody is up and had breakfast and dressed and ready to go. So it's. The timing of it is good besides what's on. <SEP> I figure your children are preschool? I have two little ones. So they like that. <SEP> I seem to remember those shows being on in the afternoon. They come on both. They come on from nine to ten and then from five to six. They just repeat over again. Which is also. <SEP> Another thing that's good about it. When it comes on right in the dinner hour. I can feel like I can let them sit in front of the T V and watch. And they're watching something worthwhile while I can make dinner and do things I need to do without them under foot. <SEP> With little kids the T V set really is a. I used it as a pacifier. I'm not sure it was that great for my children. But they turned out okay. So. It didn't hurt them any. <SEP> Some shows are good for. I think some. STAR TREK I. For the imagination of it all. The idea I think that's one of the things I like about STAR TREK. And is the. For kids watching some of it can be a little violent sometimes and stuff. I don't let my little ones watch it. But the imagination of look what we can do in the future perhaps this will be possible. That kind of thing. <SEP>. I think we've covered most of my favorite T V shows. <SEP> I'm trying to think if I ever even had a favorite one at one time. Let's see how about MAN FROM UNCLE? I do seem to reme-. Is that the one where he always got this tape recording that self-destructed? That's MISSION IMPOSSIBLE. <SEP> MISSION. That's right. MISSION IMPOSSIBLE. I used to watch that. In fact I can still remember a couple of those. They were. I thought those were very good. They always have. I've seen some of them on repeats. That. They always had a good plot. <SEP> It kind of kept you guessing on what was going to happen next. You. How they're going get out of their latest scrape. <SEP> I do remember that. And I remember as a kid my parents watching the ED SULLIVAN Show. That was really the big deal in our household was the ED SULLIVAN SHOW. Every Saturday night? I guess it was a Saturday night. And I went to see the movie THE DOORS a couple of days ago. And they had this scene portraying THE DOORS' appearance on the ED SULLIVAN SHOW. <SEP> They even had somebody portraying Ed Sullivan. And it was very very funny. I think it was the funniest part of that movie. <SEP> I don't know. Was there any. I remember the MILTON BERLE SHOW even. I was. Ye-. I'm not old enough to recall that one. I guess I have to admit that I am. My T V viewing started sort of mid-sixties. So. <SEP> I see. My folks. I'm not even sure if we had one when I was really little. That may be why bu-. They probably didn't have a T V until I got to be grade school or so. And the shows that I like now they wouldn't let me watch. I had to catch them all on repeats. Like STAR TREK they thought that was much too violent for small children. So. <SEP> I ended up watching a lot of these things on repeats in the afternoons or something. That's interesting. I think it's interesting that parents think that their small children learn violence from TV. People were just as violent before T V was invented maybe even more so. <SEP> But I guess that's a different topic. Isn't it? Probably so. I think that's about covered it for me. So I think I'll say good-bye. And we'll talk another time perhaps. It was nice talking to you. Tell me where you're calling from. I'm calling from Garland Texas. <SEP> Garland Texas. I'm in Nor-. Where are you from? <SEP> I'm in Raleigh North Carolina. I didn't know they did it long distance. I hope they're trying to do it all over the country because they need to collect all kinds of different dialects. <SEP> It was nice talking to you. Same here. <SEP>