What do you think about the idea of having volunteer service for everyone? I think that really it wouldn't hurt most of the young people of the country to have to go and do voluntary service. And there have been so many people that have done it. <SEP> And I've talked with several. And I think they've gotten a lot out of it. Are you doing any kind of volunteer work now? Not right now. But I have done Red Cross work. And I've taught C P R training. A-. What about when would people do it when they finished high school? <SEP> I think probably as soon as they finished high school it would be ideal because a lot of times if they go straight into college I think they're going in too quick. But. I think particular boys that the maturity. In fact I wasn't very mature when I left high school. And I think there's a real challenge there. There's also this issue of whether you're really ready. And I think it gives a different perspective. Y-. I think if you've been out of school a year year and a half before you start to college you appreciate college more than someone that just goes right straight into college. <SEP> The only complication is how do you fund something like this? A lot of parents fund their children. There are some groups that have their children go away for a year. Even the religious organizations. I think the Mormon church sends out missionaries that. <SEP> And the parents fund them for the whole year year and a half that they're gone. It's interesting. It gets them away from home and gets them to do something useful. Although the kids today though it seems almost that their concern for money. We were doing some investigating colleges and said the kids are much more interested today in trying to find a job study something that will give them a job as opposed to be curious. As to if. If there was mandatory you could choose the option of either a mandatory military service or voluntary. Do you think that would be reasonable? I think it would. In Israel even the women are required to be in the military for a certain period of time. I was in the military. And I personally feel if they have the draft that they should draft women as quickly as they do the men. But the issue of which. What would you have them do? There are a lot of people around with. There's a lot of unemployment right now. What would you have these people do if they were brought in? <SEP> What into the service? Or. Or say the volunteer. Say that it was mandatory. <SEP> I think that they ought to have something for the unemployed in a voluntary field like the. I don't know if you remember about the W P A. My father was in the C C C. <SEP> He was in that? It's not the best thing in the world. But it gave them something to do. It seems that there's some things like the programs at least just go around and clean up streets and pick up trash and even aluminum cans and some of these kinds of things. R-. Or go into the more depressed areas and help repair the houses. In fact we helped with Help To Help Humanities. And that was a good experience. But you take the kids out. And a lot of the buildings in downtown areas that either need demolishing or need fixing up. So. <SEP> It would be a good idea. We've been doing this three or four minutes. I think that. Do you have any other further comments? Not really. It was good talking to you Betty. <SEP> O-. I'll talk to you later. Have a good night.