. What do you do this weekend? Pretty much spent most of my time either in the yard or at nurseries buying stuff for the yard. Which is. What do you have planned for your yard? <SEP> We just bought our house last July. And the house is forty years old. So there's an established lawn and whatnot flower beds things like that. But they've gone a few years of neglect. So we're in the process of revitalizing the whole situation. We've got different flower beds in front and a built in window box trying to get some color back in those get the trees trimmed up get rid of a few weed problems and things like that. <SEP> What part of the state do you live in? I live in Dallas. My wife and I we live in Dallas too. So. <SEP> Just what that area. We're planning on moving to Flower Mound. And we're going to be getting some wheel h-. We're going to have to do a lot of lawn and garden work there. Seems like it. The place we've been living at we're just leasing it. In Plano the soil has such a high clay content that I went to use my dad-in-law's tiller and it about for my arms off sockets. <SEP> I'll bet. <SEP> I'll bet. Just scratching two or three inches was just a chore. It was it was. And then when it gets wet you don't even want to get out in the yard. <SEP> It's horrible. It's a nightmare. But I don't know what i-. Where you live is there a real high alkaline or ash content. Or. <SEP> It's pretty high alk- w-. Actually it's done. It's in the north end of Oak Cliff in Kessler Park area. And we've got about. I know right where that's at. <SEP> We've got maybe eight inches to a foot of soil. And then it's solid rock from then on down. So. <SEP> It's a little aggravating. We can't put in anything too big as far as shrubs and things like that because they've got to get a chance to find the cracks in the rock. But. Is it limestone underneath? <SEP> It is. It's solid limestone. How do you put trees in there? We're just happy that there's trees already there so far. <SEP> Anything like that is a major undertaking I guess. Sprinkler systems or anything start to get real expensive because there's an awful lot of work that has to be done chopping through the rock. But. And it not even considering a pool or anything like that practically has to be blasted in I guess. But. And it makes for a different challenge. I've never. I moved to Dallas about five years ago. <SEP> And I never really messed with anything gardening or anything like that until now. But I keep hearing all the stories of different parts of town. In fact we were at the farmers market yesterday and bought a few tomato plants and things like that. And the first thing the old guy there at the stand asked is what part of town we lived in because he said I've got a dozen different varieties. And each one works in one part of town. And that's it. That's basically what he was trying to tell us. We tried planting tomatoes last year. And they turned out pretty poor. <SEP> I just wish I'd known the variety and everything. It. But it's amazing we also have roses. And they just grow so beautifully. <SEP> That wou-. In fact we put in some more roses yesterday. What type roses? A few different hybrid tea type varieties. Hybrid teas. <SEP> We have a few of the real short stem. They're kind of like the bush roses. But I don't know I think it only has about five or six more years to go because it's a really old bush. <SEP> But I'm amazed because the sun is so intense. And the roses just seem to survive just fine there. That's what we're searching. We've got all the different lake editions around the house. And we're kind of experimenting right now. <SEP> We've got the direct sun in front. And the backyard has two great big spruce and an oak tree all about forty to fifty foot tall. So the backyard is just complete dark all day long. And we're struggling to find something for those areas. Have you done a lot of tree surgeon work on your trees or not? <SEP> They're in pretty good condition. We've been pretty lucky on that. Just if you want a lot of light for underneath that may be all right because we have some old fruit trees. <SEP> We have a plum that's just about ready to go. So we may just be getting rid of that. But our peaches they seem to be doing just fine. But they really need pruning. <SEP> It just seems that even pruning once a year is really not enough. But the way they behave. That's true. That's true. I don't know. But what kind of grass are you growing? <SEP> It's bermuda. Bermuda. I've been trying a mixture of the bermuda and the rye. <SEP> But I may be working a fescue in because of the type of weather. It seems that bermuda's fine. But it looks like it would hold the soil. But it really doesn't. A lot of silt that comes in it just doesn't seem to hold it very well. <SEP> But the rye does really well. Especially during the wintertime. But once it gets over seventy seventy-five degrees it just dries up shrivels up and dies. <SEP> But. It's. There's such a difference through the year. <SEP> My parents-in-law they're building a house into the side of a hill. It's already been built and everything. They've been living there for about three months now. But this is out in west Texas. <SEP> But the wind there has been so bad that they've tried to plant grass. And they just have some big time problems. That's it. So they just watching their lawn just blow away. <SEP> But it's quite an undertaking. They have about two or three acres of land on lake front property on the side of a hill. <SEP> It's beautiful. You can see the house from miles away. But it's a pretty neat little job. But they save a lot of energy. <SEP> But just for them they're going to have to start gardening. It's going to be from the ground up. The whole way. <SEP> And they said we just plan on spending the rest of our lives just getting this property developed. It's amazing. All they have are mesquite and cottonwoods. <SEP>. And it's all on Lake Greenbelt that property out there. <SEP> And I don't know what they have. They have all the water they want. Actually they can pump water. They have to get permission. But they can pump water up from the shore. <SEP> But that's for an additional. They have to pay some kind of fee per year. But right now though I think they're trying to get the trees planted and everything. <SEP> But I just think of all of the money that they're going to have to spend just getting that. But the taxes alone there Lake Greenbelt. And some places they really nail them for tax. And you're talking just several hundred dollars a year in property taxes. <SEP> It's ridiculous. That really is. It would. It seem like it be just the opposite when you get. It's. Because even though it's far out there it's just that Lake Greenbelt they try to do it just from selling the water. <SEP> But the water usage they try to limit even though there's three or four streams that flow into it people still use it enough in towns like Clarendon and other areas where they irrigate. They still haven't gotten used to the dry land farming. But the irrigation because it's gotten so bad the past few years. <SEP> That's true that. But I don't know. I just came back from there. And just the air is so dry. I don't see how anything can survive out there for long periods of time. Should say. My father-in-law says the mesquite trees they're pretty smart. They're smart. They're about the smartest tree around. They don't even start growing until May or April after it's been raining for a few months. <SEP> That's true. That's true. They say the roots have developed. So that's all they work on. Just a leafy. They don't do anything. <SEP> That's something I've been looking around and noticed all the flowering trees and stuff are at this time of the year. And we're trying to decide what to put on one side of the house and things like that. But there's so many things that they last for just a couple of weeks. Then it's just a bush there from then on. It's kind of disappointing. I don't know. My wife and I on the south side of our house we planted some gardenias. <SEP> And they did real fine during the summertime. It's just. But during the fall when the rain let off just a little bit it just dried up. So I guess these plants they don't. It's like they remain.