I can tell you pretty much my two favorite shows. And they kind of are in different spectrums I think. One of them is QUANTUM LEAP. <SEP> And the other one is NIGHT COURT. And I think they're real different. I don't think they have anything in common. QUANTUM LEAP is kind of a comedy in its own way I guess. But mostly it's kind of science fiction. And it's adventure and things like that. <SEP> And then NIGHT COURT is just pure weird fun. It's nothing serious about it at all. So I don't know why the two of them happen to be my two favorite shows. But that's the way it is. So. <SEP> It's funny that those are my husband's two favorite shows too. And I enjoy watching both of them. But I used to didn't like NIGHT COURT. <SEP> And I. And the only reason I think I like it now is because I've seen it so much. And I'm involved with the characters. But I used to think Dan Fielding was just too vulgar and too crude for me. He is. <SEP> And I told my husband that's the whole point. But. That's right. I just. It's. I find him degrading at times. I guess that is the point. But sometimes it just. They really have changed him though. If you've watched it this season he still is in his own way degrading and everything. But he's involved in that charity. And it's taking up so much of his time and so much of his thought that he really has. In fact there was one show that he even turned down a date with some beautiful woman just because his mind was on the ozone layer and global warming and all this other kind of stuff. <SEP> And he was too depressed to. So that was part of his character building or whatever. But. I think it probably adds a little bit of depth to his character. I haven't watched. Which of course he needed. <SEP> I think so. Which in QUANTUM LEAP you get. Even though the person is involved in so many other people's lives you still see a real person in those situations. He's doing amazing things. But he's doing them within the bounds of what a normal person would do. That's a good point. <SEP> And I think that's. I like that. What do you consider your favorite shows? I think my favorite show is HUNTER. <SEP> And I like the old series better when Dede was in there. Dede. I agree. <SEP> And then the blond that they took out the one that got killed. I can't remember what her name is. But is. I didn't enjoy her. I. She was too much of a opposite of Dede. And I think that's what they try to do. But I think we wanted to see Dede there or somebody like her. <SEP> But I read an article in T V GUIDE about HUNTER and about his three girls whatever you want to call them. And they say that there was a conflict between her and him that they never really could get her into any character that they could use. <SEP> The second lady? The second one the blond. <SEP> If you think about it they didn't really interact hardly at all. They didn't. They were never partners. <SEP> She would go her way. And he would do his. And I think that's what I didn't like. And even at the beginning Dede and Hunter would decide that one of them would go do this while the other one would go this. But it seemed like it was almost two different organizations. <SEP> Hunter was the boss. And this other girl was not. And you're wondering when did this happen? So. I kind of agree with that. <SEP> And I like the new lady better. But I'd just as soon that they didn't have the romance there. I'd just as soon have the police story without all the romance. I'm afraid that's what they really wanted to do. I think most shows were doing that. And then they went away from it. <SEP> And now they're starting to go back to it. And maybe that's what the public wants. I don't know. But I like the cut and dry solve the mystery. And that's what I always enjoyed about it. There was that spark between Dede and Hunter for a while. But they started it. And then they'd pull it back. And they'd start it and pull it back. And that really made it a very interesting show to where you never really knew which one was going to show up. Whether it was going to where they're going to be real close or whether they're just going to be partners. <SEP> And that I kind of thought was good. But it's. You always kind of sit there. And you see these two people together. And you always wonder why they don't get together or whatever. And so I guess that's what they decide to do. <SEP> Just go ahead and quit the wondering. And. But it's always been a formula for T V that the minute that the two main stars get married that the show ends up dying. <SEP> A good example of this and this is probabl-. Maybe it's not a good example. I've been watching Nickelodeon all last week because they had what they called MAXIMUM SMART. They had GET SMART for ten hours a day from seven o'clock at night until five o'clock the next morning. All the GET SMART episodes you could ever see. The last day all they did was the last season to where the two of them got married. <SEP> And that was the killer. The series died right after that because. I was going to say I didn't ever watch MOONLIGHTING. Go ahead. <SEP> But I heard that's what killed it. Same thing. That interplay died when they got married. And so the show died. The. It seems like you can do so much more of the subtle hints and the subtle little plays on things before they get married. <SEP> The minute they get married everything's supposed to be cut and dried. And of course another one of their mistakes is they have a tendency to change characters or to change the characters' personalities especially after they get married. <SEP> Halfway through. Couple of examples would be like I said this one about Get Well Smart the female character Barbara Feldon. <SEP> She had been at the beginning the intelligent one the one who always solved the things and figured out and kept Max from getting real messed up. In short whenever they got married she got dingy. Why would they do that? <SEP> It made no sense. I'm guess it's falling back into our traditional stereotype which a lot of shows. Unfortunately that's probably true. <SEP> Which kind of. Like in the big soap opera shows which I don't enjoy because of that. But. Do you watch WHO'S THE BOSS? That's on Tuesday nights I think. I've seen it before. But I don't watch it regularly. I hardly ever watch it. <SEP> Usually Tuesday nights I'm out. So. But as I've seen it they've done sort of the same thing to where they started to let them get together. And then they pulled them apart. And I think they're thinking about that exact thing about the idea that if the show lets them get together then you lose part of what the show's all about. <SEP> So. I always thought that was kind of weird. It's funny how we romanticize people. <SEP> For instance where as the teenager you romanticize a rock star. But when he gets married then you don't care any more or something like that. And I think it's the same with your characters on T V. Do you think that's why most rock stars nowadays keep their marriages secret or at least they keep it quiet. <SEP> Probably. I know it affected me when I was younger. I'm not into rock stars too much lately. <SEP> But. Like Madonna and Sean Penn. I don't particularly like either one of them. But their marriage was so highly publicized that there was no way that they could stay together. <SEP> Or at least that's the way I look at it. So I don't know. <SEP> It would have been hard. Wouldn't it. I would think so. I just the publicity in and of itself much less the. When you get married you've got relationship to develop in the first place. So having twenty million people watch you do that. It's. They wouldn't be easy. <SEP> That's kind of interesting. I guess that's about all we need to do isn't it. <SEP> I think we've covered our time. It's been good talking to you. It has been Becky. I really appreciate it. <SEP> You're the first man I've talked to. Everyone else has been a female. So this is a change. I think I've. You're the second female I've talked to. You've had a little bit of variety. It's kind of nice. <SEP> Thanks so much.