What is your view do you consider the Soviet Union a threat? I don't know that it's so much a military threat anymore as a. It's real confusing right now to know what kind of a threat it is I guess. <SEP> It takes awhile to get used to something. If the place has completely turned that much around to where they're not what they used to be. It's hard to know anymore if it's a threat one way or another because it used to be so much in the past that whatever the top said the rest fell rank and file in behind it. <SEP> And now that with Gorbachev is introducing more freedoms or expressions of freedom it doesn't look as though everybody's following the same pattern. And. The people who are the staunch military conservative people. You never know Gorbachev's future is whereas in the past it was seen as whoever was the head of the communist party was seen as untouchable. <SEP>. I thi-. The thing that keeps happening is happening so fast and so dramatic that you almost think wait a minute we're getting stuck into something here. If somebody's about to clobber you the first thing they do is sort of say we're ashamed we're not going to do that anymore. <SEP> And I'd like to think that that isn't true. But I. The evidence is that he's let some stuff go the east German situation. <SEP> It's just the whole thing is so incomprehensible. If I'd have been asleep for five years and read it in a book I said that couldn't have happened that way. It's amazing just because of the drain that's been on both economies that our economy is of course been able to withstand that a little better. <SEP> But the Russian economy. They. I don't know what the percentages are. But I heard it one time. It's just some ungodly number just to support the military machine. And finally who knows. Maybe they're finally waking up and saying we can't afford this. The U S isn't the threat that we've always made them out to be even if they're saying that beneath the doors. <SEP> But it's hard to thing that just one person can bring that much of a radical change in that short of period. Even if it is the best thing in the long run it just steps on too many people's toes who are comfortable with the way the situation is. <SEP> I think what I'd have to. I guess to answer the question directly I'm still just a little bit leery of the whole thing. <SEP> What I haven't seen is a great stepping back in the military situation. It's one thing to let us go ahead and sort of disarm. And I even had a thought once that the whole Iraqi thing might have been just a deal to go ahead and let us expend some military hardware. Expend? <SEP> Of course it didn't turn out that way. And that may have been a kind of far out way of thinking about it I don't know. It's interesting anymore the world's getting so small that it doesn't seem to tolerate anymore any kind of the expansionism philosophy that was here twenty years ago. <SEP>. But of course the people who have challenged that or tried to do have not been world powers. So it's easier for us to say to an Iraq you can't do this get back or we're going to force you. <SEP> Or we can do something about it. Whereas if the Soviet Union would have who knows what taking over Mongolia or something like that who is really will we have been more just rhetoric rather than going in there officially or physically and try to remove them. <SEP>. <SEP> The China situation when it looked like that thing was turning around. And all of a sudden it was like somebody in the Red Square or wherever said okay. And that's enough. And the tanks came in and pretty much took care of that. <SEP> And. That. Personally I don't see Gorbachev as being maybe a threat. And I think he's actually honestly trying to do some change. But I don't believe that he in this first pass around being the first one to really turn things around or attempt to is going to be allowed to get away with it either. <SEP> This would be like if somebody was elected president of the United States and suddenly took off toward just some pretty hard by the socialism. And the reaction. The economic. The social structure of the Soviet Union it's coming apart at the seams. <SEP> And I've heard people say it's just like the American Civil War will there be a union or not? It's not the same sort of a thing at all because that the whole Soviet system was put together under total force. There was no. As we are seeing now with a lot of those areas wanting out of it. <SEP> Nobody vo-. A lot. Those people didn't vote to become part of the Soviet Union. They had no choice. That was always kind of interesting. People. A lot of my friends have taken us down the stance of these people are just trying to be free and trying to get away. And I'm thinking more of it from a nationalistic. If I'm a Soviet and if part of south South Dakota wanted to succeed am I going to stand for that. I realize that the origins are different and that we all joined under a common direction and a common bond to begin with and that they may have been forced I'm not that familiar with their future. <SEP> But I. It's easy to believe that they were probably more forced into a pact than a volunteer or willingness to join. But. <SEP> The whole thing was put together by force. There's no real question about that. And some of the countries that were forced in at later dates is the three Baltic countries came in the forties. <SEP> And it's not that they came in it's they were conquered by the Germans. And then just never given back. And then the Russians even took it back from the Germans and never bothered to give it back. <SEP> So. That's a little different situation. That whole a. <SEP> The whole idea if you look at the Russian history and all countries the way it used to be is the only way to truly protect your borders was to have a buffer. And that was the whole idea why they had so many buffers. And maybe countries hopefully are seeing that that buffer isn't going to help you. You can. I guess Israel is a perfect example. <SEP> The reason they have the Angolan Heights all their buffer area is between Jordan and the Sinai and Lebanon was just as a buffer. But as you can see the scuds go right over there. They don't really pay a whole lot of attention to buffers. There's very little that binds you anymore in today's technology. <SEP> I knew a lot of guys in the service when they were sent to Germany they said that's the safest place in the world because if a war starts all the bombs are going to go right over Germany. And they're going to land in other places. That's going to be the safest place to be. That's probably very true. Ve-. That's very interesting never thought of that. <SEP> I guess what they'd have to do to. I really don't know. In the I hope that what's happening is exactly the way it appears. Some reason or other is it's kind of a strange thing we've been trying to make something like this happen for so long that when it finally happens you say wait a minute. Nobody knows what to do. <SEP> What's really happening here. Is it real? <SEP> But you wonder how well this thing. Who was it Boris Yeltsin evidently was elected president of the Soviet for the Russian republic which is the biggest. <SEP> I get confused between which is the Soviet provinces versus which are the Russian provinces versus what are. <SEP> In the center. But you got the great big area that was traditionally known as Russia. And then all these little nationality groups around it that were was there nineteen of them or whatever. And these were all the Soviet economists they had some real fancy names for them. <SEP> Matter of fact when the. What I read when the United Nations was setup in San Francisco one of the first things the Russians wanted to do was bring in each one of these republics as a separate country. As a. So there would be nineteen rather than one. As a vote. <SEP>. <SEP> And the United States said that mean we get to bring in forty-eight. And that sort of. They backed down on that. Died down on that. I thought it was interesting that recently here the Warsaw Pact no longer exists as a military force. But it's merely an economic now. <SEP> Wonder if that. At. What do you get shot by something that's called an economic force or what is called a military pact. <SEP> It's all. You can change the name of something. But I wonder if it's still exists. Although I've seen some evidence that the Russian soldiers are. You. The funny thing there is they're not particularly welcome back home because they're having housing shortages now. What do you do with all these troops that have been taken care of by Bulgaria and Czechoslovakia. And all the. <SEP> And now all of a sudden they're going home. And somebody's got to pay for their. That's what they're saying the whole problem with if we were to demilitarize Europe. What are we going to do with all the soldiers over there? That's not. What's going to happen to the economies that no longer have a million plus people in each country from the U S. <SEP>