How do you feel about the immigration laws? At. Currently I think they are a little restrictive. Particularly for certain ethnic groups or from certain countries. I think we should permit more immigration from eastern Europe for example particularly the Jewish people from Russia. I think we could permit more of them in than we have permitted in the last several years. And I think we have too much restriction on the Orientals also. But of course that's just my opinion. I'm not real sure why I got this topic because I don't think I checked it off on the list because I know very little about the current immigration laws. <SEP>. We seem to favor certain countries particularly South American countries. And there is no. I have nothing of course against the South Americans or Hispanics in that sense. But I think we are more restrictive of the so called eastern European countries than we should be. Of course that's from my own bias since my ancestors from eastern Europe. So. <SEP> So I think the embargo we placed on the Russian Jews although we spent years and years lobbying for their release and their ability to immigrate from Russia as soon as that occurred we simply said that instead of the hundred and fifty thousand or so who wanted to immigrate to this country we cut that by two thirds. So. <SEP> I do not quite go along with that. But. That doesn't make a whole of lot sense. And I still think. Again kind of having within this century come from an immigrant family or immigrant families on both sides. <SEP> Both my mother's parents and my father's parents were immigrants. So I'm a little touchy every now and then about that. My family is from Europe from England and Ireland and have been in this country for more than a hundred and fifty years almost two hundred years. <SEP> So I don't have any relatives several generations back that I am familiar with their names and how they fit into the family. They were all born here. So I don't have any real strong ties with the immigration laws. I don't have any personal feelings about them. And I haven't taken the time or effort to learn what they are. <SEP> I think in a way though I also have an opposite point of view which is although I believe we should permit constant immigration into this country primarily for economic reasons I think we should have some quotas. Of course my family and I. Again that was. My grandparents came over during the time when there were quotas. So they had to wait in certain parts of Europe for years before they were permitted to come over. <SEP> So. But I think unrestricted immigration is not best. I agree with that. I think if immigration was entirely unrestricted not only would the United States become more over populated awfully quickly it would bring in a lot of people that are run out of other countries or in trouble in other countries. I think they'd come here trying to find a new market for their brand of crime. <SEP> There's another aspect of this too. They're also diminishing the health restrictions which. I was not aware of that. There were some regulations over. Just recently where people with certain diseases can not be excluded from immigration. Age is one for example. And recently tuberculosis which at one time if you had tuberculosis you could not get into this country they dropped that also. <SEP> So I think in some ways we are becoming a little too egalitarian in that sense. But I think we should be a little more circumspect about it. Again my opinion. Think we've talked long enough? I think so. <SEP> I've enjoyed talking to you. I have talked long enough. <SEP> Thank you. <SEP>