I guess this is probably really a good subject for me because I really like to do hand work. Mostly I do needlepoint I guess. But. <SEP> What kinds of things have you done? I've made a lot of baby gifts. It seem like that's. Especially lately there's been so many babies that bibs and blankets and things like that. Wall hangings. <SEP> Do you ever keep any of your stuff? Isn't that funny. I do crochet and a lot of things like that. And I have very little of my own stuff. And it's kind of embarrassing. People say let me see some of your work. <SEP> Can you do it? Isn't that funny. I guess I do have one thing. A friend of mine gave me a clock kit. And I needlepointed the face. And I kept that because she gave me that. So. <SEP> That would be definitely something you'd want to keep. And it's real neat. Was the whole face done or just the numbers and minute marks? Basically the whole. I guess the minute marks. But the minute marks are done they're like hearts. <SEP> And then the. At the numbers they're kind of outlined and stuff. It was quite bit of work. But it was a lot of fun too. I really like doing stuff like that. So. I did some needlepoint years ago. And then I got into the Bargello. What's that? <SEP> It's an Italian needlework using the. I started to say the canvas. But the. What kind of cloth uses that. I've just gone blank. But it's used with yarn. And it usually takes long stitches over two or three openings in the cloth. And you weave intricate patterns and use different colors. It could be a flame stitch where rather than drawing a picture you're making a design like a geometric or whatever. And it was used quite often in the colonial times to upholster chairs and so forth as well as the crewel embroidery work that was done on them. That's interesting. What kind of things did you do? <SEP> What I did when I was doing that was mostly pillows for sofas and so forth. And I can't find one that I've done. It's one of those things. I didn't give them away. But I didn't know if it's been my color choice or multiple moves or what. <SEP> And it. I was so proud of them when I got them finished. But I have no idea where they are. What did you call that? Bargello. It's B A R G E double L O. That's. I've never heard of that before. I've probably seen it though. <SEP> I suspect you have. When you described it. When you described it it sounded like something that would be around I guess. But I've never heard of it before. And it's really interesting. I guess I've decorated baskets and stuff before in the past. But I've kind of gotten out of that. I use to do a lot more and sell at craft shows. <SEP> Me too. That's interesting. It is. <SEP> How did you know to choose this subject tonight. That's funny. What. How did you. What kinds of decorations did you use with the bas-. How were you decorating the baskets? Basically bows and lace ribbons. I really wanted to do. So many of them now have the ribbons where I'm not sure how they do it. But the ribbons they make them they. I don't know how to explain it. They make them hard? <SEP> Like fabric that's been stiffened. I've never done that. And those are so neat. I would really like to do those. But. <SEP> I've seen some. And they. I suspect they're fairly simple because the one lady I've seen I know that does it I've never asked her any questions. But she has three kids all under the age of six. And they're all a handful. So it's got to be something she can do fairly easily and fairly quickly. <SEP> When I do crochet it's usually the lacy Victorian type things like that. And I stiffen those with a glue mixture. It's like white glue. And it may be something similar to that that the fabric is dipped in and then allowed to dry in those draping streamers. I don't know. <SEP> I was just. There's bound to be some kind of fabric stiffener like that that's very similar that's not going to melt too much with high humidity in a room. I think that's what my concern was was it really sure and how they would last. <SEP> Do you know what my concern is? How will I dust this thing? You're right. <SEP> That's terrible. That's true. That's funny. So many of my crafts. Right now I'm looking at a little quilted hanging. It's a flag. And I don't want to wash it because that would start breaking down the batting and so forth. But it's such a dust collector to be out and so forth. <SEP> And most of my things are dust collectors. And I hate to dust. I know. <SEP> So first thing I think of is how easy would this thing be to clean. That's funny. I do some. I have really gotten out of it. I don't do it quite as much as I used to. Because I went back to school. So I don't have as much time. <SEP> You don't have time. And I have two children also. You definitely don't have time. It keeps me very busy. But I really enjoy it when I do do it when I get the chance. It's really. It's so relaxing to just sit. But once I get started I can't put it down. I just. <SEP> I have a similar problem. I've got to have time. Or I don't even want to get into it in the first place. And so I end up lots of time not doing anything at all. I know. I started a project that I swore I was going to finish for somebody for Christmas. <SEP> You just didn't say which Christmas. That's what I keep telling this person. I didn't tell you what year. What was this project? It's cross stitch. And it's a picture. And it's a wildlife. It has deer and trees. And it's really beautiful. But it's going to be a lot of work. And I have worked on it quite a bit but not as much as I'd like to. It's just so hard. <SEP> This is done in the needlepoint? I should-. It's counted cross stitch actually is what I'm doing. And so since it's counted it's really a lot of work. I do know. <SEP> I have done a little bit of that. But I decided that that's something that demands my total attention. And so I've got to have almost total silence. I can't really watch television if the pattern is very intricate. It sounds like you'd have lots of shading on that particular piece. <SEP> It does not sound like an easy one to finish. It really isn't. And I tell you I could just kick myself for even starting it because I have a feeling I'm never going to get it done. I'm probably going to hear about it the rest of my life. <SEP> I'm sure you'll get it done. But it just may not of the original. Obviously not of the original time schedule. That's true. I just don't know when I'm ever. It just seems like there's just never enough time to pick it up and do it. It's just really hard. But I really do en-. Like I said I really enjoy it when I do. It's just hard. Just hard finding the time that can be dedicated. <SEP> And there's so many other things that I have done in the meantime like I said so many baby gifts. I've made a lot of bibs and wall hangings. And so those don't take much time at all. So it's no big deal for me to pick those up and do them. Do you use a book of patterns. Or do you go out an buy a kit for a bib or something like that. I usually just buy a pattern book. I have several pattern books. And I just go with those. <SEP> And then I buy the bibs separate. Usually I think it's a little bit cheaper in the long run. And then I just use whatever colors I want to. I don't usually use the colors they tell me to. And it depends on what it is. But some things especially letters if they suggest certain colors for letters I just go with whatever I want to. <SEP> That's what I would do too. Or whatever I have. There's a few designs I guess I've done myself but not very many. Real simple ones I do. I made a little thumb print and made it a bunny. <SEP> It was really easy. Just did a thumb print. What. With ink? <SEP> And then I didn't cross stitch the actual thumb print. That was just the ink. And then I made the ears and little eyes and nose and mouth. That was so simple. That sounds really neat. It didn't take anything at all. <SEP> Did you use a stamp pad and ink. And then I just. So you. Just like being finger printed.