Do you want to go first? I could barely hear what the switchboard operator was saying as what was the topic. Fitness and exercise. <SEP> Why don't you go first. I like to do weight training and cycling. And just walking swimming. I used to do a lot of basketball and running and volleyball until I had some knee surgery last fall. And the doctor said that running and jumping isn't real good for my knee anymore. So I had to kind of change my life-style a little bit. Let me ask a personal question. How old are you? Thirty-eight. <SEP> Then you should. Over thirty-five everything goes downhill. The rest of me is in pretty good shape. It's just that left knee that just doesn't want to do everything it used to. You're lucky then. Because I've battled arthritis all my life. <SEP> Even since I was about two or three. Then they diagnosed it. And usually most people are just absolutely crippled. And I do water aerobics. Religiously do water aerobics. I bet that helps. <SEP> I used to do it about six times a week. And now I'm down to about four. But it's about the only thing that keeps my mobility in there. I tried weight training. And I'm telling you I just can't lift the things. <SEP> And the shock on the system is just too much. So I have stuck to water aerobics basically the weightless thing and trying to keep this shape that way. But it's hard to find. It's really hard to find a place that's going to offer water aerobics because what I'm finding is that if they do offer it you get the crowd of women that are. I think they feel this is going to be an effortless sweatless way to get in shape without having to spend anything. That's right. <SEP> That's right. Or it's the geriatric crowd. That's right. <SEP> So I've considered even becoming licensed to teach it. If you know what your routine is you can do that by yourself. And you probably do. But you have to have an indoor pool. This is true. <SEP> So to find an indoor pool where either you can do this by yourself without drawing a lot of looks means you're really going to do a strenuous workout activity. You look very odd in the water. That. That was the one place where I was also able to do weight training. And that does look very odd in the water. I can believe that. Have you tried the pool at the Spring Creek Fitness Center? <SEP> And that's the only place I haven't tried. And people have told me. That's the Texins facility? I have been told that thing is just lovely. It is. They keep it at eighty-one degrees year-round. <SEP> He-. Do you use that facility a lot? A fairly good amount more on the weekends. I try to beat the traffic in the mornings when I workout in the mornings I try to come down to the Dallas Fitness Center. Do you know if they have child care there? Have you done your attitude survey for this year yet? <SEP> You need to put that on there seriously. They don't. I don't work at T I. You don't? <SEP> I used to work at T I. As matter of fact I was the only woman that they had in the field in a management position. Actually when I was working there I was the only woman that was pretty much in the industry. And I used to fill out those attitude surveys. <SEP> And me and the insurance adjusters are very familiar with each other. And my husband still works there. And I get my attitude expressed through them. But I find it to be very. Sometimes it's kind of shoot yourself in the foot mentality to save a few bucks. This is true. <SEP> And never having lived in Texas before I starting working for T I. And I came down here. And they did an attitude survey six weeks after I had been working here. And I asked about day care for the shift workers. And I was pulled in by my manager and told that you just don't say that. It's not. <SEP> It was not applicable to me. And I was kind of horrified. What year are we talking about? We're talking nineteen seventy-eight. Things have become much more enlightened since then. <SEP> They couldn't have gotten anymore in the dark ages. We still don't have a day care facility. But people are more sympathetic to it. I understand that they're now covering women's preventative health care. <SEP> And the reason I'm at home is when I had my kids and I was scheduled to go back and I tell you how much in the dark ages it was. I had been rated number one in the field. And then I took. When I became pregnant I also got meningitis and then delivered the first baby three months early. <SEP> And they put the baby on a heart lung monitor when I took her home. And the insurance carrier was not going to cover this because it was considered preventative treatment. Could you hold the phone for one second. I'm back. <SEP> And then they used to. And then I had a second one eighteen months later. They told me to put them back to back. And of course to maintain. And I was flat on my back for the last five months with the second one because that's when I go into labor four and a half months. And I don't even know it. Of course it's real easy to take care of the first one when you're on your back. <SEP> Very easy. Very easy. And they put me on twenty-four hour fetal monitoring then to try to control the labor and see how far it was going. And after the baby was born since it wasn't premature then they said they wouldn't cover the cost of the monitor. I think that's kind of when my husband hit the roof because it was a thirteen thousand dollar bill. But after the second baby was born I was going to go back to work. <SEP> And that was when they had. It would have been the eighty-five layoff. And I'll tell you how they handled this. And I was just outraged. I did not know that since I was on personal leave of absence that I had been terminated until I filed my insurance claims about four months later. And they didn't have any coverage under my name. And I went back. And I said what the hell is going on here. <SEP> And they told me your husband works here. And he's got a good salary. We didn't think that you'd be coming back anyway. And we've got people here that really need to be working. And so that we had just. It was this way we didn't have to layoff an active person. And we'd just let you go. And it took me about a year of arguing. I said I've got to put this in writing to me because until they put it in writing I couldn't get my insurance benefits. And I couldn't get my termination benefits either. There you go. <SEP> I was just pissed as hell that they could do that. I can believe that. But I guess things have gotten better. I've been told that this flex hour and those kind of things. Flex time is great. <SEP> I still don't think after my experiences that they could get me to go back ever again. I can understand. I can understand. It's been good talking with you. But let me ask you this since you use Texans. How much is it a month? It's only about ten bucks a month. <SEP> That's for individual. To add dependents is maybe another dollar or something. It's no big deal. That's it? <SEP> If you pay your monthly charge do you then pay separately for classes you're taking? You do for classes. But to use any of the facilities is no extra charge. That's cheap. It is. <SEP> That's really cheap. Do you have to be an active T I employee to join Texans Or a depe-. Or a depe-. Or a dependent of one. I am so dependent these days. <SEP> It's a sense. Seen that my co-dependents have turned on the hose and are getting my neighbor's fence. So my position for management to domestic goddess has been an adjustment. But I think I'm going to go contact Texans. I really think I am. <SEP> That beats any offer I've heard in a long time. It's great. When you're there on weekends is it crowded as hell? It would depend on when you go. It's not excessively crowded on the weekends. <SEP> I'd want to be there in the mornings from nine thirty to ten thirty. I don't think that would be bad at all. If you're in Richardson you'd probably wanted to come to the Dallas site. I'm actually right on the Plano line. Then you could go either one. <SEP> The Spring Creek one is a lot more modern has a lot more niceties amenities. And you'd probably like the pool there. It sounds like I would. I might do that then. I learned something here. I'm glad. <SEP> You can go back to work now. Thank you. Thank you. You have a good day. <SEP>.