Why do you think it sounds. Do you think we should adopt it? I don't like metric system. You don't? <SEP> I think the country is too ingrained in the inches just the general background. The history of our country has been inches. And I don't think there's a big advantage in going to the metric system. It's going to disorient and confuse a lot of people for years and years. And there are going to be people who die because of it because they don't understand simple things from the amount of medicine they should take to how fast they can drive and how far away something is. <SEP> And it's not in our national consciousness to do it. We've always measured things in the English system and everything. Our land is in acres. Our people aren't going to understand what an amount of something is. <SEP> I agree with you. I don't think we should either even though I know there are benefits to the metric system. I don't think the benefits of the metric system outweigh the disadvantages that would happen to the people in America. And also the. I don't know. It seems almost like it's a peer pressure thing is why we keep wanting to do it is so we'll look good to the other nations. Because I think that's an area that the other nations look down on us like we're just backward wayward children who still use this backward system who haven't really attained it yet. And I feel it's just pride of why they keep trying to push it on us. And it's we're content with this. It's probably not as accurate. Probably intellectually doesn't. It's not as sound intellectually but like you said come on. I had six years of college. And I don't know the metric system and I don't care to learn it. <SEP> And I'm not some kind of an idiot. I just. And it's easy to trans-. We have a computer for just about everything now. And if it's necessary to translate back and forth between them it can be done. <SEP> Because I'm a mechanical engineer. And I've had to work when I was designing packages for people. I had to work both systems back and forth. And it was not hard. And you can get a CAT CAM system that can take any design you want. And you can push a button. And it'll convert every measurement on there from one system to the other in seconds. <SEP> There's a lot of people. You're educated. I'm educated. My husband is. But a lot of people are flat not educated. And if I have a hard time putting that into my life can we put that off on the other eighty percent of the population that doesn't have any college. <SEP> Or I don't know how much of the. But a large percentage probably over half of the rest of the population they don't have any college probably much at all. <SEP> And if we can't take it and use it easily how can you put that on elderly people and just people that maybe just aren't blessed with as much sharpness and mental acuity. It's just. <SEP> Or even have had the chance to go to college or to learn about. I think it's still good they do cover the system. I think it should still be taught in schools. <SEP> And they do. I know now because I. Even when I was in elementary school years ago we learned what a centimeter was and a decimeter and basically the other alternate forms of measurements things like that. <SEP> And that's acceptable. I think it failed too. Because what you said this is ridiculous. The thing Americans have so much stress on them right now. <SEP> If you look at the average family it's like they barely have time to stop and get gas much less to try and figure out how much gas they're really getting and do all this. It's come on let's take the pressure. <SEP> You know you need twenty gallons but do you need how many liters. And it's just like another thing. The American family doesn't need any more pressure. Just leave them alone. Let them measure their drinking water in cups. And leave them alone. <SEP> And it just doesn't make that much difference in the average life. And the scientific community and places where it's needed that's fine. <SEP> And the rest of the world we are. It's not. We may not be the top. I don't know if we're the top. We're one of the top superpowers of the world. That's. It may be arrogant. But let them come to us. <SEP> That's kind of the way I feel about it. We can convert. And if they don't like the way we do it just don't worry about it. And I think. It's kind of like expecting everyone to suddenly speak German. It is. <SEP> Because it is another language. And instead of saying the world speak German we found out that we can translate. <SEP> And that's what I think we ought to do with the metric system. That's funny. Well that's good. I think we kept it at real good. Is that all we need to say? <SEP> It's been nice talking to you. You too. I think that was good. That was the best one. Usually I get distracted off the topic. You know what I mean. <SEP> And we'll end up one man was telling me about his grandfather in Lithuania. And we were talking about income tax or something. And I just. <SEP> Good talking to you. Anyway I appreciate it. Have a good day.