Are you a player? I think I am. It's been a while now. Has it? <SEP> I've. Just recently I got married. And we bought a house. We're about fifty yards from the golf course. But unfortunately the house is taking up my time. <SEP> So it's been almost a year since I've actually swung a club for a purpose. I haven't played in about two years. And then I went out two weeks ago with the guys here. I work at T I. And I played in a tournament out there. And I shot a net fifty-nine. They were kind of little upset. <SEP> I guess I laid off long enough to get rid of all my bad habits. I have a hard time inventing shots. Let's go around this tree and try a slice through a hook here. <SEP> And I can't do that. So. I finally got out. And I've been watching quite a few videos. I had not been able to play. So I took out a few videos and watched them for a while. And I hope I'm on the right track. <SEP> Shot a career low eighty-nine and my handicap is twenty nine. That's great. I like that. <SEP> Now like I say it's been a while for me too. I've got my wife motivated about it. And I think that's probably going to be one of the next investments is get her a set of clubs. And we'll get out of the driving range and get some interest built up. And hopefully we can start in. I've tried to get my wife. I bought her a set of clubs four years ago. She hasn't even swung them. But she wants to get into it now after I came home and won the tournament the other day. <SEP> She's ready to get off into it. That's good. But I just like getting out being in the outdoors. And I'm a hunter and fisher anyway. But. <SEP> Same thing here. At least I can get out and play a few hours of golf. And it's not going to cost me an arm and a leg really. And I walk. I don't ride. So. <SEP> I get a little exercise there too. So. That's. I've got the same attitude. I tell you. I started. I guess the first time I played golf has been probably about eight or ten years ago now when I was in college. <SEP> And I took it as a P E course and then kind of left it alone for a while. And then finally got into it while I was still in school. And since then we've made it. As the friends start getting married and things like that we've made a tradition of having a Thursday. Have probably a Thursday night bachelor party and a Friday golf day before the wedding. <SEP> So it. That's back in South Dakota where I grew up. So that's been my main involvement. Is it seems like I go home and play golf more than I do around here. But eventually I get people to come and visit me in Dallas. <SEP> And then I'll show them we can play golf in the middle of winter when we can't do it back home. It's pretty nice. We played out here a couple of times in the middle of the winter when my parents came down and what not. They were amazed. Here it is sixty-five degrees. We're out playing golf. And they're freezing cold back there. But actually I picked it up when I was in high school on the same as a P E course. <SEP> When I got into the service I got into it. And now when I come out here I just kind of let it go. And then one of the guys mentioned to me at work one day if I played golf. And I said. I've got my clubs. But I haven't swung them in quite a few years. <SEP> And then I got into it and then back out of it. And it just seems like every couple of years I get back in there. That's right. I really enjoy it. It's really nice. <SEP> It is it's a lot of fun especially if you can find somebody that's got the same level of interest. That seem to be the hardest thing. About. That's true of any sport. If you want to play tennis or racquetball. <SEP> You don't want to go out and get beat to death. But. And people don't want to play with somebody that they are going to beat every time. <SEP> And. And then we've got some guys here that they are four and five handicappers. And they don't like to play with me because I'm too slow for them. But get somebody around your own handicap and you can just mosey on out for three or four hours and have a good time. <SEP> That's right. And I've. Never yet have I walked up. Now I've walked up a few times on the golf course by myself with nobody else to play with. And never yet have I met anybody on the golf course that wouldn't allow me to join their twosome or threesome. <SEP> That's true. They are always friendly. That's true. Come on out. And they don't mind if you make a mistake. They don't mind saying let me tell you how to do that or teach you how to do that or. <SEP> It's pretty nice and friendly out there. That's so. And you can't find that in all sports. <SEP> That's absolutely right. And you can gain a lot of ground doing that too if. You get in a rut if you do play a lot. But you play with the same people you aren't going to learn anything. After a short period once you learn everything they've got to offer. Then you've basically tapped your resources there. You need to. <SEP> But eventually I'd like to work up and maybe get involved in a mixed doubles league or something like that. We have one down here in the summertime. It runs from five o'clock to seven thirty or eight o'clock because it doesn't get dark until nine thirty or ten. <SEP>. And we play in the summertime out here. We get a mixed league in. And that's what I'm trying to get her ready for. It's going to start when we change time back whenever that is next month. <SEP> And it will start then. And we had a lot of girls out there a couple of years ago. And they were just starting to learn. And they were shooting a hundred hundred and twenty. But they were. Now they're down into the hundreds nineties. <SEP> So it won't take her long. That's good that's good that's sounds like a lot of fun. <SEP> And it's something we can do together. So. She doesn't do much hunting. She could care less about that. She's does a little fishing. But golf would give her the exercise. She'd be outside. Give her something to do that we both enjoy. So. <SEP> It sounds like we've got real similar situations. I've gone home every year now since I've moved to Dallas to go pheasant hunting. And the last time I took my wife along. <SEP> And kind of the same situation. She's up in the house and talked to my mother the whole time we were out hunting and stuff. But she'll make the trip for fishing if that comes along. <SEP> But it's interesting. And it's a game that you don't. Bowling you feel bad if you bowl a hundred. But if you shoot a hundred in golf. You don't have to be an expert to play. <SEP> That's right. Any novice can pick up a club and learn how to hold one and learn how to do it and do it right. So you don't have to be an expert in any aspect of it at all. <SEP> That's right. I've kind of formed the attitude that if I could pick two or three shots out of my game every time and put them together on one hole then I do pretty good. And I keep rationalizing that I can do it. I just got to do it all on the same hole. And then it will get better. And you just keep going. And in the meantime just enjoy what you're doing. <SEP> It really works that way. And when I first got back into it I used to get mad because I knew I could do something. And I didn't get it done. And I need to slice this ball around here. I naturally slice anyway. Now the ball will go straight. And I go. <SEP> I never broke a club or anything. But I'd get upset about it sometimes. And now I guess being in my forties I just kind of mellowed out a little bit. <SEP> I don't get upset any more. And. And that's great. I've enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> You bet. I guess I'll go back to work. Sounds like it. See you later. <SEP>.