. As a matter of fact this past weekend since we had a long weekend I took on a painting project in my bathroom. And I had wallpaper up. I had to completely strip the wallpaper off and then spackle holes and then paint that. And it took me all weekend. Because the wallpaper getting it off I had to wet the walls down. And that had to dry. And then the spackling had to dry a day. And then the painting took another day. You didn't try rewallpapering? You just. <SEP> I just painted. Did you use a textured paint. Or. The wall behind the paper was smooth. So I just used a semigloss. <SEP> And. Did you get good results? Not really. I need to. It looks so bad you can see where those spackling marks were. <SEP> I need to either paper back over it or do something. But it didn't cover it? <SEP> It covered the spots pretty good. But it just didn't look as smooth as I wanted it to. We did a. We moved last August. And we're getting a house. My house had this dark wood paneling at the end of the den. And we decided. We went to one of the paint stores. And they just said you can get by. And I forgotten what it was you put down and then you can just paint right over the dark. More or less. After about uh half dozen coats it looks reasonable. But it kept. The dark. It was just a real dark wood grain type paneling. <SEP> And it was smooth. And we put this stuff on. And it supposedly textured it or did something to it. But because of the dark behind it it was really hard to cover. And. Was it like a primer? It was something like that although when we got through I wished we hadn't done it. Because we were trying to make the house look nice to sell it. And we were painting it and trying to make it. And it really was. The advice they give you is. The job was considerably tougher than we thought. <SEP> Particularly when you try to. I was talking to somebody else who had a lot of wood panelling. And they had gotten somebody to come in with an estimate. And it seemed like it was a good sized den with a lot panelling. And the people quoted thirty thousand dollars to paint it or something. That's an awful lot. Have you tried getting outside estimates to see what it costs to have something painted? <SEP> Not inside. When we bought the house that we live in right now we had a company that came out and painted it. That was one of the requirements from F H A that the house be painted before we bought it. And it was fairly reasonable. We have a brick house. But all the trim around the house was. <SEP> If I remember right it was like five hundred dollars. That's quite reasonable. <SEP> So that wasn't too bad. Problem i-. Have you tried matching paint lately? I haven't. My wife. We built a shed over the long way. Actually it took. This is not on the topic. But I did finish it. But my wife went to the Home Depot and took a piece of brick. <SEP> And she wanted to paint the shed. It's a wooden shed. And she took it. And they've got this machine that matches the color of paint. And they got. And in fact she put some right ba-. She got. They mixed a gallon of it. And it's just remarkable how close it will match the paint. And it does it electronically something magic. <SEP> So they did do a good job? They. But it's electronic. <SEP> You put your sample under this thing. And it looks at it and determines the. And it's really remarkable. The problem they had. And then they wanted some gray to do the trim. But didn't occur to them that they could have taken a sample from. <SEP> I forgotten. This is Sherwin Williams Paint or something. But. It's remarkable. That's one of the problems though when you start painting to try to get the. You want this to look like this. And you want that to look like that. And of course if it's all white you're all right. But when you start getting into colors. Have you had problems getting colors to match? <SEP>. As a matter of fact what we've got ours painted now is kind of a light creamy color and a blue. And the blue even two years later or so it doesn't match. <SEP> It's the very same type of paint and everything. So you. So what's your. What's the solution then? <SEP> I have no idea. I repainted the whole thing. At least you'll get very good at it? <SEP> You could go back and paint the whole thing over. This is an interesting topic that they would bring up painting. Because it seems like everybody has to go in and do. I'll just do a little bit here and a little there. <SEP> Although the. It. We almost one day. We painted the house to. We painted the whole inside. And it had all this dark trim. We thought. We did the one wall but the other trim. I think we left most of it because it gets to be. They don't do that in the newer houses now. We don't. The mold everything is white. <SEP> In a new house everything is white. White. That's what we're trying to get ours to look like. Good luck. We wound up selling the house. <SEP> I don't know whether it made. It does. It's interesting that the white makes the rooms look bigger. One of the. In our down stairs in our dining room it has molding like picture frames that are along the walls up a couple of feet. <SEP> And my wife painted the insides of those dark blue. I see. And it makes the room look remarkably smaller. <SEP> She painted the insides dark blue and then the trim what color? The trim is still white. <SEP> The molding. White. <SEP> But by. And she did that all the way around the room which makes it look very attractive. But it makes the room look smaller which is. <SEP> It explains why they have everything white. But you wouldn't think that I. <SEP> Maybe that understands colors would know all of that stuff. But. <SEP> What about the lighting? Did it make a big difference? Not particularly. Because the house has so many windows. It has. The living room has four good size windows. And of course at night. But with the. We have a soccer field that's about a hundred yards from our house. <SEP> And the lights shine right at our house. It's kind of. We didn't know that when we bought the house. But. So that. You get some. The color doesn't really matter because you have that light. We have a lot of light. And I think it's just the dark blue to about three feet. And then above that we left it white. So. It didn't change. <SEP> I see. But the interesting thing is that paint we wound up having to go back and scrape some of that away. It didn't. It kind of bled under the masking tape which is probably the topic we're really on to that the masking is. You have to do that very very carefully. <SEP> And it takes a long time. That's right. You can work yourself to death. I'm sorry to hear your color didn't come out so good over the weekend. No kidding. It's kind of frustrating. <SEP> It is. A lot of work. A lot of work. I've got to go to a meeting. It's been good talking to you. Nice talking to you. <SEP>