What kind of car are you thinking about getting? None at the moment. When you decide to. <SEP> I currently drive a Ford Taurus. And I would imagine that if I change or if I get another car a new car I will go with the Taurus or something similar in that regard. So you like the Ford? <SEP> I have had it for about two years now. And it's everything it's supposed to be. I haven't had a minute's trouble with it. <SEP> And the only thing I have against it in that's it's a Taurus. Even after two years I still feel uncomfortable driving it because I had a Honda before that. And so it's a little bit larger. <SEP> But that's the only difference that I see really. But I would. My criteria at the moment it would be American personally. An-. It's the. This. The car I had before this one was a Thunderbird as a matter of fact. And I loved it. I really did. But I finally decided to go check out what the foreign cars were. So I bought myself a Nissan a two forty S X. <SEP> But even though I love the car I've got now I think my next car will probably be American again because if I can at all do it I'd like to stay American. I always have up until now. I just for one time decided to go outside. So. <SEP> My wife still has a Honda Accord. And it's an excellent automobile. But price and so forth. <SEP> I'm not a real car fan. I do not opt for something that would be expensive. I want something that's serviceable something that I can use. <SEP> And I. And with the Taurus. I have a Taurus L X. And it's. You're talking when you think about price it's several thousand dollars lower than the comparable Honda or Nissan or something along those lines. And as I said as far I'm concerned it has been extremely serviceable and everything I wanted. Ford's done a real good job in the last ten years or at least the last five to six years of really turning around their quality I think. <SEP> I think so too. I. In travel and renting automobiles in. <SEP> I've driven Chevrolet automobiles and Dodge. And I. If it's Chevrolet I just will not touch it. I had a Chevrolet before I bought my Taurus. I purchased a Chevy Citation. Those were not good cars. <SEP> And I was ready to get rid of it two months after I bought it. So I shopped around. And if I had thought I wanted to pay the amount of money I probably would have gone with an Accord or even a Civic or something comparable from Nissan or Toyota. <SEP> But it was just. I have a friend who has an auto shop. And he purchased one of the first Sables that was manufactured for his wife a Sable station wagon. And he just absolutely swore by it. <SEP> And it was upon his recommendation and so forth for comparably equipped. It was just. There was no comparison. The only thing that I find if I would have anything against it is that it still has that soft American ride. <SEP> Not. That's about the only thing I find disadvantageous to it. But my criteria is simply something that looks good something that's serviceable. And I drive around a lot. And it's very comfortable on the highway. I can drive for ten hours or so and not really be tired in any way. But those are my criteria. And I probably in another six months to a year or something will probably start looking around again. And if there's something out there that is comparable to what I have now I'll go ahead and get it. The only thing I'm looking at right now. <SEP> I just bought the Nissan that I've got about nine months ago. The only thing that would get me to change cars right now would be if. At the moment I'm single. And if I were to get married and have a family that would have to have something to do with it. But I don't have any plans for probably another two three years of even looking. Cars are too expensive right now to even think about buying new cars every couple of years. <SEP> I. It's. In our parking lots two or three days ago I saw one of the new Honda sports cars. <SEP> I can't remember what the name is. It's the thirty-five or forty thousand dollar one whatever it is. And it resembled a Mazaratti very very closely. And it's an absolutely beautiful automobile and well appointed and so forth. <SEP> But to pay that much money for an automobile is just. I can't conceive of doing that. That's. I went to a car show down here about two weeks ago. And of course they had the Ford the Chevrolet that stuff. But then you started looking at the. They had Ferrari there they had B M W and all these other kinds of cars. And Ferrari didn't even let you near the car. They were. That's how expensive they were. And then you saw hundred thousand dollar cars. You saw eighty thousand dollar cars. And even though I do enjoy cars I can't see paying more for a car than I would for a house. <SEP> That's true. That doesn't seem likely. The difference there too is between us is that I am not really crazy about driving. <SEP> I never have been since my parents had to force me to get my driver's license when I was young when I was sixteen. So I've never really cared. What I was. Before I was married and before I went to graduate school I used to do little sports car racing. It was never my own car. <SEP> It was always someone else's. And that sort of thing I enjoy. But to go out and drive never has really had any appeal to me in that regard. I guess we've discussed that enough. Don't you think. I think so. <SEP> We won't get the recorder or the system to shut us off tonight. That's happened to me almost every time I've. That's happened to me once. <SEP> It's very easy when you get on a topic that you enjoy. I think the one time I did it was on the Mid East the crisis out there. That had a great conversation. But then they came off and told us we couldn't do it any more. So. <SEP> I was talking to a lady last evening. And we were talking about fishing. And we were cut off. We were told to quit. You have a pleasant evening. You too. <SEP> Take care.