In a normal route of way we do things how about the ladies go first? I have a four year old who will just be entering public school next year. So I'm really just starting to get involved in what's out there and how they do things. As far as the system as a whole I really don't see a problem with it. I do see a problem with graduating people that can't read and are not productive in society or productive to themselves. And I think that's the main problem at this point. How about yourself? I live in Plano Texas. And today we're not even suppose to be in school because the way the taxation and all that crap is there really legally isn't any funding for the school systems in Texas today. <SEP>. When you take professionals and put them in situations they have to make decisions based on money to fund public education. And they can't get their finger out of their ear long enough to get that major subject in line. Something's wrong. So I think here in Texas mainly that they're not serious. They're more serious about what the salary should be for senators than they are for how the level of education should be for children. I have a one year old. So I'm more opinionated about the observations than the true facts. But it's just a shame to me that our firemen our policemen and school teachers are the three least paid utilities that have the biggest impact to our well-being. <SEP> That's true. I have a real issue with that. I think that if from every year when they pull in the test that the last three years ten eleven twelve graders take. And then you see that their education is below the norm throughout of all fifty states. They're not saying that something's wrong with the educational system here in Texas. I have a real concern about that. As a matter of fact I'm very content to spend my daughter out of state to college in Virginia verses having her go down here and not learn anything. <SEP> So I think there's a big concern. Hopefully the new secretary of education will do something to fix the problem. But I don't know. They've got to quit worrying about the religious overtones in our textbooks and get on with teaching the product. I think they get bogged down in a lot of small issues that special interest groups can blow up and not really get down to teaching what's important. <SEP> Teaching these kids really the basics is what it comes down to. I was astonished to find out that across the United States in all public schools it is not mandatory for them to take phys ed. Is that right? The kids nowadays don't even know what the president's fitness education program is all about. <SEP> They don't have to do sit-ups and push-ups and all that crap we had to do when we were going to school. I remember. And. And I talked to a thirteen year old last night who goes to one of the Plano high schools or junior highs. And she said that she had a choice. She could either have taken tennis or weight lifting. So she choice to take weight lifting over the regular gym. <SEP> Give me a break. The kids sit there. And they drink cokes and eat popcorn for lunch. And then go out there and lift weights and don't learn anything. And talk. I have a real problem with the whole system. <SEP> They need to put some sternness back into the teachers and let them be able to get the old whip out and get some discipline. Then it comes down to what you said before though about them being some of the lowest paid public service employees that there are. <SEP> I used to date a girl who taught English at ninth grade level. And yet they're so important. <SEP> I was absolutely flabbergasted at what she was paid. She was young. But still it's the principle. Of course if she got her Master's degree it would all be different. But. <SEP> It's hard though because then you start talking taxes. And that's a bad word. Taxes Lord forbid taxes. If we would plan our expressways a little better that ten dollars for the bridges and the roads we'd cut that in half and get some teachers we might have us a problem. <SEP> There's an idea. Maybe I should run for office? Run on that then no income taxes in Texas? That's true. <SEP> I'm in Texas too. So. That's funny. That's funny. That's about all I have here. Me too. I think we both agree there's some problems there. But we'll maybe do our small part to fix them up. Ma'am. <SEP> I've enjoyed it. You too. <SEP>