. What do you think about it? I guess I'm more concerned about public safety than I am about the concern for the idea of preserving privacy for the individual. Privacy. <SEP> Because I can't really see why anyone who has nothing to hide would object. There is always the possibility even remote as it is of. <SEP> Of course that is certainly true. And that bothers me. I'm very much for drug testing. <SEP> I really am. I'm going to take the negative side just for a second just to do it. I have to take medication for kidney transplant. <SEP> And I'm going to be taking that the rest of my life. You. I don't know how that's going to affect. <SEP> If you had to have a drug test? I haven't had one yet. T I. I work for Texas Instruments. <SEP> And we do have the random drug testing. But I've missed it so far. But in the back of my mind it always bothers me. And what happens if they catch it. They think that I'm on drugs. And they send me and have me go through this thing. Checked out or whatever. <SEP> But it seems to me that there are ways to accommodate that. I agree that some innocent person might be victimized by a false test. But I would think that some guidelines could be set up to avoid that. For example that one positive would not be accepted as an automatic reason for whatever they might be going to do if they found a positive dismissal or treatment or whatever but that what it would do is it would trigger perhaps one or two more stages where further tests could be done. <SEP> Because there must be people like you or in other circumstances that could come up with false positives for certain kind of drugs. On the other hand I think there's certainly some professions that ought to be tested because of their responsibility for the public welfare and certainly people in the transportation industry specifically. <SEP>. <SEP> But in many cases whether or not an individual has a problem with drugs it's not even going to effect anybody but himself and his own family perhaps depending on the kind of drug he might be on. But and eventually that's going to show up anyway in the way he works and so on. <SEP> But there's so many things that it would make a difference. I guess I would not want to have anyone in my family victimized by a bus driver or a train engineer or something like that who hadn't been tested. Like I said I'm very much pro testing. And this is why. Number one is I'm kind of. I know this sounds like a slogan for the government. But we are in a war against drugs. <SEP> It's horrible. You don't know whether the person sitting next to you anywhere is on drugs or not. <SEP>. And it takes some drastic steps at this point. And I think personally the drastic step has to be that you can't work if you continue taking drugs. <SEP> It's as simple as that. Make it not necessarily difficult. Make it difficult enough. But make it so that it's not glamorous. <SEP> It's glamorous taking drugs. Or at least it seems that way. According to what you hear. <SEP> The people who have serious problems. We have. Really I guess we're kind of lucky. We really only know of one young man who's a fam-. They go to our church. And it's the son and so on. And he was friends with my children. And he's really the only one that I know of personally who got himself really messed up having been involved with drugs. But I know of a number of other people who have gotten all messed up. <SEP> Most of these are young people. I work in the education system. And so I have a little more contact with that. But the effect that it's had on this young man's life is so dramatic that it's heartbreaking. And he may never really be a productive member of society. But sadder than that he may never be able to have a normal happy life because it has strung him out so that he has anxieties now that are almost uncontrollable. He puts himself in the hospital fairly regularly thinking that he's not sure if he's going try to commit suicide or not. <SEP> He's so messed up. And this was a nice sweet young man who teenager. And he's now a young man about twenty who just got really down the wrong path. <SEP> And I don't know that his problem would ever have been detected by drug testing. But seeing what drugs did to him makes me realize what it could do to people in the work force as well. It's horrible. Then. Let's answer the second half of the question. What limits ought to be put on it do you think? <SEP> The limits would have to do with what I'd alluded to before that one positive on a drug test would not constitute dismissal or grounds for whatever the company or agency might have set up for those who genuinely have a problem. <SEP> In other words there needs to be more than. Treatment before dismissal type thing. Pard-. <SEP> There needs to be more than one test. And there needs to be some measure of certainty before anything drastic happens. There are lots of things that are involved there such as perhaps denial of insurance for someone. <SEP> And undoubtedly there are people who would be victimized by this that. It would be unfair. And people who are on medication for example or even people who might be of the gay community. And I'm not an advocate for that particular segment of society. But I think that there doesn't need to be fuel to the fire for discrimination. Because it makes a bigger problem. So it seems to me that there needs to be some rules that protect. <SEP> I'm not sure though when we talk about what rules if any that we should say certain segments should not have to be tested. I really don't see why. Personally I think that's what I was about to say is that everyone needs to be tested. And. <SEP> I don't know why it would be bad to test just every-. It. And it may be. It's not feasible to do everyone. But certainly random testing the fact that people know that they. That it could happen. <SEP> Would be some measure of protection. But the bottom line is that if you're going to stay clean and straight then you're going to do that because you want to. <SEP> There's going to be some measure of incentive reward or whatever. But the reward ultimately comes down to what you want. So I've got to agree with that. <SEP> That's very true. <SEP> It sounds like we agree anyway. I think so. I think we did pretty good. <SEP> I guess that's about it. I guess if that's all we've done. And I guess we've talked long enough. <SEP> It was nice talking to you. It was nice talking to you too.