. First of all I want to tell you I have two little kids. But they're not in public school yet. I get that experience starting next fall with kindergarten. <SEP>. So you haven't really dealt with that in a sense. <SEP> But being one of these late in life mothers I've listened to everybody else's complaints as to what's the matter with either their kids or the school system. <SEP> So I've been surprised. Do you have school age kids? Mine are both out of school. <SEP> And I've in hindsight seen some things that I wished that I had done something about that was within my power or wish that in some ways we as parents had more control over what's happening up there type thing. <SEP> Such as? Just over the years there were situations that came up that I didn't think were fair or handled correctly. Or the teachers didn't seem to be teaching anything. Of course it's a little hard to tell from the information that you get from your child. They bring things home. And I was never one to believe everything my kids said about something. <SEP> But still I questioned the ability of some of the teachers to really do a bang-up job. And yet others I know are just wonderful. I heard a frightening thing. Actually I didn't hear it. It was told to me or suggested to me that to work as a teacher in the public school systems in the state of Texas. If you have a degree in a technical field you do not need a teaching certificate because there is such a shortage of people to teach math and sciences. <SEP> And somebody said you could go in and substitute teach at seventy-five dollars a day. And there's always going to be somebody having a need for a math or science teacher. I thought they're letting me in to. This would be frightening. I don't know anything about it. That's pretty interesting because just because you know a subject matter doesn't mean you can teach it. <SEP> <SEP> And even if I knew how to teach the subject matter I don't know if I'd know how to handle that kind of a group of kids. In fact I think that's one of the big problems today is the way the kids behave or act and the way they are sometimes disinterested in what's going on in the class and disruptive. I tell you what I'm finding frightening. And this comes from the aging hippie near forty mother. So I went through this period of supposedly cosmic social enlightenment. <SEP> I'm in the Plano school system and living in Richardson. And there is a real dichotomy in terms of educational and economic background of the kids that are going to be attending this school. And I used to think that's wonderful. They can get a real life experience. What I'm seeing now in terms of kindergarten preparedness just from in different preschools it's like day and night. <SEP> And I wonder how do they handle a child who is obviously very ready and another child who doesn't even speak English let alone know her colors. And they're in the same classrooms. And I guess also you're going to see the first of the crack kids starting kindergarten. I think it would be next year is what I'd read. I thought how do you weed those out? Some of those certainly have a lot of difficulties with all sorts of things. <SEP> And I would imagine their learning disabilities are quite large in some cases. When I was listening to N P R the National Public Radio. And they've quoted statistics that my throat just about fell into my toes. They said at the bottom of the S A T scores of graduating college seniors are usually those people that go into education. <SEP> That's encouraging. And I got to thinking back when I was teaching college chemistry the people that took the lower level courses I sometimes wondered are they really even educatable or trainable. And it. I-. Are the rest of us who went for the big bucks staying out of where maybe we should be kind of socially obligated to spend some time teaching or something with these kids? <SEP> I don't know. That's an idea. Maybe there need to be some radical changes made. Do some things that are totally different and unheard of. You sit here. And you think about that. At the same time you think I hope I don't sound like a stage mother because right now if you ask my friends t- put twenty mothers in a room and ask them how many have gifted children you're going to have twenty hands up there. <SEP> You're kidding. Nobody has a nongifted child. <SEP> And I keep thinking gifted is Einstein or musical prodigies. It's not a kid who's precocious. What has the educational system been watered down to that anybody who's above average is now gifted? <SEP> I don't know. That's interesting. I don't know. Mine did not fall into the gifted category. Don't say that. And I would never had said so either. But they managed to get through although not always with flying colors. In fact one of the incidents I was thinking of that my son had. He was struggling with senior English. And I had a meeting with the vice principal and the English instructor. And she showed me a paper that he had just handed in. And she told me what she had requested. And I read it. And while it had a few little grammatical problems it wasn't very long and so forth. I thought it had some nice well thought out parts to it. <SEP> She gave him an F on that paper. And I thought here you have a student who is trying to pass who is struggling with your subject. And you give them an F on something that doesn't seem that bad to me. What are you telling that student? You're telling them that you might as well forget it. I think that harks right back to the elementary and junior high years. Because I have a stepson now who's twenty-five. And I was just absolutely shocked the first time that I saw his schoolwork. I remember being taught. And you have to teach how to write an answer and how to construct a thought process. <SEP> And they can grasp the points. Can they convey the data verbally or in writing. And that's what's really scary to me. I would really. There's such a push among young mothers these days to make sure their child is computer literate. I would really think that they should be stressing more can the kid write a thought and at an early age. And if they can't if they have missed that training then somebody before you're start penalizing them with bad grades for not being able to communicate what they're thinking teach them these basic skills. It's pretty sad to think about those who even today are graduating from school. And they are telling that they don't know how to read. My stepson he went into the Navy or Air Force. I just really get my military. I married into a military family. <SEP> And I don't know. I address them all as generals. So I don't offend anybody. But fortunately for him he wasn't dumb. But he sure had trouble putting things on paper. <SEP> And one of the things that they did for him. They tested him. And they said that he's great in electronics. But he really does need the basic skills. And they put him through six months of composition writing in addition to all his electronic training. And at that point he has now graduated from warfare electronics school with honors. This is the kid who really barely made it through high school. <SEP> And I keep thinking it's really not too late at any point to do some-. That's interesting that the military saw that and did something about it. You would have expected them to be the last ones to. <SEP> And I kind of have always pooh-poohed military educations. But I think that for this kid it's going to be his lifesaver. Otherwise he might have been driving trucks or framing houses from here to eternity. So I don't know. <SEP> It does make me nervous. I can see why if you've got little ones just coming along. There's a whole lot of stuff going on out there. There is a whole lot of stuff going on out there. And part of me says I just would like to shut my eyes and pretend it doesn't go on. Or send them to private schools. And then the old social conscience says I'm not working I don't need to work. Maybe I should volunteer to teach what I know. <SEP> Maybe adult literacy. Maybe composition writing. Maybe volunteering on a tutor line or even through the elementary schools for help with homework. Or the other part of me says is I've had enough kids. Do I reall-.