How are you today? I'm great. As a matter of fact before we started this conversation I was working on my P C at home. <SEP> Do you have one? I don't have one at home. I work with one at work continually. <SEP> But I do not have one of my own at home. Do you have. What do you have at home? We have an. Actually it's a T I computer. But it is the I B M clone. <SEP> It's not the T I P C from back when. <SEP> From the oldies but the goodies. It's probably pretty close to what I have because I have the same kind of thing at work. I have a three eighty-six S X which is T I computer. But everything is in I B M mode. So. That's what we have. <SEP> Do you use it a lot at home? I really do. I am an accountant. But I work at home. <SEP> So you're on it a lot. So I use it for that quite often. We have used some of it for some personal things. We keep track of personal budgets and things like that on it. I. Since it's tax season I'm doing a lot of taxes. So I do a lot of that work on it as well. <SEP> I was amazed when I took our taxes to our tax person. And she works out of her home also. And the software that does the taxes is just incredible. It is. <SEP> She just. I expected to go and drop the stuff off and go back two weeks later. And she had it done and out in twenty minutes on her little P C. You can. It was great. You can. That's right. <SEP> That's wonderful. I have often thought that having one at home would be neat. I just don't know if we would really use it that much. We really. We didn't decide to get one until I started working at home. Then we thought we can use it for some personal things. We di-. For us it really took a business application to justify the expense of it. <SEP>. I know my stepfather bought my mother a little personal computer probably three years ago for Christmas. And it's got some stuff on it. It's got a nice little word processing software on it and some budgeting type things and stuff. And I don't think she's ever touched it. <SEP> It just seems like a lot of trouble for something at home. She always seems to have better things to do than to try to sit down and figure out how to use her computer. So. She could just as easily do those things by hand. Just as quickly. <SEP> I know my boss has bought the software that his checkbook is on a disk. And he goes in and types his checks on the screen and then hits print. And they print out on the checks. And he's ordered envelopes with the windows in the right places. <SEP> And he just whips out. I saw him yesterday morning over there. And he paid his monthly bills. And he just wrote all the checks on the screen and hit print. And it printed out like ten checks. And he just. They're perforated. And he just ripped them off. They go through just a continuous thing on the printer. And he ripped them off and stuck them in the envelopes. And there they went. And he said I can balance my checkbook in seconds because it's all in the computer. <SEP> So. And there's not going to be those adding mistakes that we all make. That's exactly why. He said used to be I always sat looking for those. He said this way there isn't any. It does it for you. So. This. There are definitely some advantages to it. It's just a matter of like you say does it justify the cost if you're using it strictly for personal business. So. I think in most cases I'd have to say no. Not unless somebody really enjoys it. Or perhaps is using it for education. <SEP> I have a four year old son. And we have some education programs that he likes. A little Sesame Street one. And we have another one that plays music. And he really likes that one. <SEP> As he grows up he'll be even more and more too. That's right. That'll be great. And. On. Now I think about it. I guess for kids as they get older. Especially now when they get to junior high school and even college. <SEP> My sister went to college started about three years ago. And she had to have a computer. It was a necessity. <SEP> I. She couldn't imagine going through college without a computer. I'm going through right now. I'm going part time in the evenings. And I do. Everything has to be typed. They require it. You have to type it. <SEP> And so I'm up here nights and weekends working on the P C up here typing stuff. So I can see where it would be a great advantage to have one at home if you were going to school. Any more I don't even know if a college kid would have a typewriter. You. I don't know. Probably not even. <SEP> And they probably used to have it. I just finished a major research paper a couple of weeks ago. And I couldn't imagine not having that thing on a disk where I could go back in and move stuff around and change it. I don't know what they used to do before they. Unfortunately in our family my husband and I went through college together. And then he went on and got his Master's degree while I was working. <SEP> And I'm the better typist of us. And we just had a regular old typewriter not even a correcting one back then. <SEP> And you had to type all of his papers. It wasn't that long ago. But I typed his Master's papers and things on a typewriter. <SEP> To have a computer back then. Cut your time in half at least. At least. <SEP> At least. And then of course you have some changes to make and do the whole thing over. You take out a sentence. On a computer you take it out print it out. Take out a sentence on a piece of paper. <SEP> You do the whole thing over. That's right. I remember when I was working in high school I was working in an office right after I got out of high school. I continued working there for probably another year. And we did everything on a typewriter everything. <SEP> But it's amazing. Then when someone would have you type a letter they did it right. They were. The first time. They sit there. And they go is this really what I want to say. And you typed it. And that was it. And now people just send it back over and over and over and over. That's probably one of the problems and frustrations that it's brought about because people do feel like we can just change it. <SEP> We'll try this out and see what it looks like. Use it as just a. Instead of knowing what they want to say before they eve- they just play with it which in a way is nice to be able to do. <SEP> But it gets a little out of hand sometimes. I've seen it get out of hand up here where we've got a secretary that sits over here that's keeping metrics right now and keeping up of all the letters I type how many of them do I make changes on. And on each letter what types of changes. Are they typos? Are they because I couldn't read it. Or people just change one word because they think it sounds better or whatever. And she's also keeping what percentage of letters am I retyping for whatever reason. <SEP> And there's one week she did retypes on ninety percent of what she typed. I believe it. And it's ridiculous. And that was the high week. But it's running about seventy which is still ridiculous to have to make changes to seventy percent of everything that she types. <SEP> It's good that she does that bring it to people's attention. That's exactly right. She keeps several weeks' worth of data and then in addition is keeping copies of all the changes to show look this didn't really need to be changed. This is ridiculous and changing add this time to now. <SEP> That's the kind of things that she's keeping and showing that this was a big waste of time it was a waste of paper it was a waste to change something like that. Anyway maybe it'll help in some way. But I don't know. There definitely even with the few disadvantages like that are far better than the alternative. I have to. <SEP> Without a doubt. Without a doubt. I would like to get one at home some day. We've got a two year old son. And so some day I would like to get even just the video or something like that just to be able to pull in sources from outside would be wonderful. So. Especially when they're in school I think they would get a lot out of it. I do too. I do too. The on line encyclopedia just sounds wonderful. That sounds like such a great idea. It'd be kind of fun to be able to play with it. I know my father had a P C. And when we were in high school it was always fun. We could link in. And I don't even remember now what it was called. But you could link in and talk to people all over the country. <SEP> And you have your own little code name. And you'd type in how are you. And they'd type back and everybody. And you'd have five or six or seven people talking to each other at the same time. And everything everybody said prints out on your screen as they're typing it. And it was just great fun. It was very expensive because the whole time you were on there you were on long distance. It was like a long distance phone call. So we were each limited to twenty minutes a day. So. That still could add up. <SEP> It added up big. My parents were divorced. And so the time we were visiting our father in the summer time. So he felt like he could splurge and let us do it. I'm sure we would not have been allowed to do that under normal situations. But when you're doing the guilty father complex because he's not there to watch us grow you can kind of get all kinds of stuff. <SEP> That's sad. It was nice to talk to you. You too. <SEP> Have a. Have a nice day. You too. <SEP>