We're going to talk about the public school system What's wrong with it or if anything is wrong with it and what we can do about it what should be done about it. <SEP> Fantastic. One thing that pops into my mind real quick is about the funding of the school system right now. Evidently that's a big problem. It's amazing. I always thought that teachers never got paid nearly enough to be doing what they're doing. <SEP> When I was in college I enjoyed teaching. 'cause I did some teaching part-time. And I really enjoyed that. But I wouldn't want to go teach high school or junior high. It just all the problems. An you talk about stress and pressure. I tell you what. It's. They're putting in fifty sixty hours a week. Because they've got to grade papers and get class stuff ready. <SEP> Do. And they're being paid probably half what most people being paid. And. And we're paying basketball people millions of dollars a year for what. <SEP> That's right. And then they poof it off do like Tarpley. But I. What gets me is I can't believe that our state legislature can't come up with some kind of workable means to have funds for the school. It's. I just don't understand that. It's. Do you have little kids or what? <SEP> Sure don't. My wife and I've just been married about two years. But I have a sister that's a school teacher. And. My wife and I have a three year old almost four and a two year old. So we're looking at the older one going to school next year. Not this coming fall but the year after that. <SEP> So it's getting close. He's going to be going to kindergarten. So we're thinking about that. What's that going to be like. Are they going to be taught nothing. Or they going be taught something. We're going to be involved in our child's education. We're going to be teaching him what we can at home of course because I guess we don't trust the school system which is very sad. <SEP>. But if it doesn't start at home it's not going to go anywhere. <SEP> That's true. And we're going to try to teach him good values because when they get to upper level school and they start teaching them if you can play football or basketball that's what's important. Not if you can read or write or understand some science. Give me a break. That's bogus. <SEP> And one thing my wife and I've talked about are private schools. Whether we would want to invest in private schools as they're growing up because just in the Dallas area we're not real comfortable with the public schools. And Dallas school district just recently got an advised status because of their low quality schooling. <SEP> I couldn't believe that. That's one reason we bought a house here in Plano. We were hoping the school district's going to be good for resale value and so on and so forth. <SEP> But I can definitely see on down the road where we do have kids and are getting to that age that's going to be a definite concern. You talked before about the school funding. I think there's only going to be one solution to school funding which I don't think will be necessarily the best way. But I think what's going to have to happen is there's going to have to be tuition for grade school and junior high and high school kids. That's the only way they're going to fund it because if they start raising taxes for property people are going to throw a fit. That's. And that's. Taxes right now are political suicide. <SEP> And I don't think any politician's going to do that. So. And the only thing they would think of would be tuition. If it works at colleges it will work down below. And that's going to affect the people that are having kids in school of course which is probably the only fair thing to do. But it will be hard for people that have in school because they have to pay out even more. <SEP> And it's going to really hurt the middle class people. Because they're the ones that will probably have to carry the brunt of the load. That's right. <SEP> And most of the problems with kids in school carrying guns and knives and everything. What's. That's just unbelievable to me. I can't believe that. When I was in junior high and high school that never happened. You never heard about that. <SEP> We didn't even think about it. And now what do we have now. Got kids that either got a Magnum gun school. I'd be afraid to be in school teaching or even being a student. And think what's it going to be like for my oldest son when he goes to school. What's going to happen? I'm afraid for him to go. <SEP> But there again you can't hold them back. Another reason yo-. And you want to encourage them to be active and everything in school. But with all the peer pressure that's going on with all the negative things it's a tough environment to be growing up in. And lot tougher than it was when I was going to school. And that was. I graduated high school in nineteen seventy-nine. So. That was twelve years ago I guess. <SEP>. So it's lot different now. And what's it going to be like in another twelve years when my oldest son is in high school. <SEP> That's right. That's right. I'm afraid to even think about it. That is a scary thought. But I don't know. I guess what you have to do is just keep encouraging them and try to be open with them so that you can deal with the problems as they come up. That's all you can do. <SEP> And. You got to be your child's best friend even when they're a teenager and they are kind of standoffish. Still you got to be their best friend because when they've got problems who they going to go to their friends that are dealing drugs or your parents. <SEP> And if they go to their friends dealing drugs they're going to be in even worse shape. That's right. And the schools don't really encourage to stay away from that. The schools are there to teach history and that we fought the civil war etcetera etcetera. They don't teach them good values like drugs are bad. Maybe I'm wrong because I haven't been in that kind of environment for a long time. But it just is amazing. <SEP> Need to teach them good values. That's true. That's true. And. Of course if I say this is a good value someone else is going to stand up and say. And the A C L U is going to get after them and have a lawsuit. Which is going to take twenty years to resolve. <SEP> And I think you touched on it. You've got to start them at the home. <SEP> That's where they get the deep rooted values. And that's about right. That's all you can do. Then you just have to hope and pray that everything works out okay. So. That's right. I got to be going. So. <SEP> I appreciate the call. Nice talking to you today. You to. Have a good life.