. Are you on an exercise program now. Or. I exercise pretty regularly. <SEP> I lift weights quite a bit. I run occasionally. Let's see what else do I do. Play golf some. And I work out on a hanging bag. I'm brown belt in karate. So I keep up with that a little bit. <SEP>. How about you. <SEP> The only exercise program I'm doing right now is walking. I've got a nine month old. And I'm four months pregnant with my second. And so at the time walking seems to be the best. It's something I can do with her plus doesn't tax me too physically. <SEP> I have enjoyed aerobics in the past. And I enjoy that because I like the group association like exercising with other people. And that's my favorite way to exercise. That's neat. I do walk some too. My wife's about five months along. <SEP> So she's been walking quite a bit. So that is a good exercise for that. It's nice to do it together too I guess. <SEP> My husband and I use to walk together. But our schedules don't coincide as well as they used to. And so we very seldom get together to walk. But when you work out do you pretty much do it on your own schedule. Or do you go to groups. Or. I do it on my own schedule. We used to try and belong to clubs or the Y stuff like that. But it was so difficult to go on a regular basis to drive the distance you have to go. <SEP> Save the fees. We've just save the fees and buy some of our own equipment. So. And then you can do it whenever you want I guess. I've got a weight bench. And we got my wife an exercise bike. And I use that sometimes too. <SEP> It's a little more convenient. But I guess you're not as dedicated if you don't drive over to do it. I guess it depends on the person depends on how motivated you are. <SEP> Because my husband used to work out three days a week at the Texas Instruments gym. And then I would just go on Saturdays. But since the first of the year neither one of us have been going. <SEP> So I guess like I say we've been paying these fees and not going. So it's kind of a waste of money if you don't take advantage of it. I think you really have to be disciplined. I try to work out at least a couple of times a week. And I think you really have to at least twice a week just to maintain the shape that you're in. <SEP> With the walking I think they said you need to walk at least twelve miles a week for it to be aerobically beneficial. And I have two friends that we walk. They have babies that are about the same ages as mine. And we've been walking every morning. When it was cold we would go to the mall because you can't take the babies out very easily. <SEP> So when we go we do about fifteen miles a week. But the last little while for one reason or another we haven't been real consistent. So it's a little harder when you're depending on other people to do it with you because you have to meet their schedules as well. But I enjoy doing it more when I've got other people with me. <SEP> I usually do it because I know it's good for me not because I don't feel obligated to do it. I enjoy it. If I feel too obligated to do it. I start to rebel. And I won't be as consistent with it. I understand. Did you exercise between your first child and your second? I exercised pretty well up until I was pregnant. And I started having pains. So I've calmed down everything except I was working out doing aerobic exercises as well as the walking. <SEP> And I had to stop the aerobics because it was just kind of painful. But the T I rec center has an aerobics program for prenatal and postnatal aerobic type thing. And I was going to wait until about my sixth month and then start that. I did that with the second baby. And I went to my exercise class one day. And then she was delivered the next day. <SEP> So it would seem to be real beneficial. Maybe it speeded up the process and all that. I think it made parts of it a lot easier. And is this your first that you're having? <SEP> Then I don't know how much you've been through it. But I think parts of it made a lot easier. And I've talked to a lot of ladies that exercise with one pregnancy and didn't with the other. And they said that the one they had exercised with was three or four times easier. And I had. Having both of them natural the first one was natural and going natural the second. And it's rough. But it's not as bad as I thought it would be. And I think the exercise helped. That's good. <SEP> So do you work with T I? I don't. My wife has been working with them. Then she could go if she were interested. <SEP> I think that's the class that meets on Saturday mornings. So she could find out if she wanted to go. It's kind of fun because with the first pregnancy all the other ladies except one were on their first pregnancy. And they would talk about exercise and just general things relating to the birthing process. And so for us it was educational as well as exercise beneficial. So. At least it's something you enjoy. I know a lot of people that talk about exercise and say I don't want to exercise it's too much work. But there's a lot of different things you can do that are enjoyable that you don't have to strain yourself or sweat or be real sore afterwards. That's right. <SEP> And sometimes if you get a little soreness you feel like I've done a good job because I worked myself to that point. But I guess that you don't want to overdo. But have we reached our limit? I'm not sure how long we've been talking. But. I think we've talked about six minutes or so. It's been good talking to you. Been good talking to you as well. <SEP> I hope your baby comes out well. Yours too. <SEP>.