What would you say your opinion is on gun control? I don't know. I've had mixed emotions when I listen to the radio and watch T V about the different things that are happening. I'm against it. But on the same token I went out and purchased a gun just because I wanted the right to do that. Ye-. <SEP> So I have a rifle in the house. The ammunition is probably so old I'm afraid to use it. But I bought it for target practicing and also because I wanted a weapon. How do you feel about it? I think down here in Texas they don't have a waiting period on handguns. And I think they need that. And I have a pistol. It's a little twenty-two. And I have a twelve gauge shotgun. <SEP> An- I do like to have my guns. I don't know if I'll ever use it. And like you my bullets to my little pistol's probably about three years old. My gun hasn't been shot in a year or two. <SEP> But I like to have them handy. Up in New England where I'm from you had to get a permit before you could buy any ammunition. And I thought that was really good. And I think if they. <SEP> Takes two weeks for that system to process your request to buy ammunition. You have to get a permit from the police station in your local area to do that. I've never heard of anything like that. That would be nice. But a-. <SEP> The criminals that are going to get their guns one way or the other. I agree. <SEP> I think one of the things that needs to happen is to stop the impulse buyer from buying it quickly and maybe putting a week's waiting period or something on it. But if someone's really determined to pick up a firearm you can pick it up any place. <SEP> And you can get them really cheap. I know. I had a waiting period on my pistol because I was down in Tennessee. And they had a waiting period. And we bought it there. And. <SEP> How long was the waiting period out there? About nine days. That wasn't too too bad. <SEP> Because if you're going to go buy something of that nature I think you're going to have some idea as to what you're going to do with it. You're not going to react that quickly. In other words you don't have a need to go buy a gun to go shoot it the next day. Th-. Somebody wants to do that. At times I think they ought to have a waiting period on all firearms. I do too. Because it doesn't make any difference whether it's a pistol or a shotgun I suppose. They both do the same kind of job. A shotgun hurts worse than a pistol does. <SEP> I suppose. I never got shot with either one. But I don't know. I think you could recover from a pistol but not from a shotgun. A shotgun's got too much of a spread. Or at least ours does. It's. You have a little thing on top of the barrel where you turn it. <SEP> You can make it either tight or as loose as loose can get. And the spread changes. <SEP> I've got a manual single shot. And I guess it doesn't have any automatic features to it. The further away I get the wider the shot gets from the target. And the closer that I get the tighter that it gets. It's got a hell of a kick to it. My husband had a police gun at one time. And I shot that thing one time. Almost knocked me down. <SEP> And it just a li-. I forget. I think it was a three fifty-seven. I'm not sure. Do you belong to a gun club or you? He belonged to one awhile back. Since we moved. We've only been here in Texas for about a year. <SEP> And we can't even find a place to shoot. Just for target practice. No kidding. I'd love to get used to that shotgun. We traded his pistol for that shotgun. <SEP> The clubs that we've got around here are kind of expensive. But it's well worth it. You can go down and shoot up against a sand bag and some targets and have competition. I've never really joined a club because I haven't got the time. Not because I haven't got the desire. There's an annual membership fee that's fairly high. Plus there's an initiation fee that you have to pay because of first time member. So the whole process can cost you a hundred fifty dollars to join the club. Plus you have to pay for the ammunition in any tournaments that you would join in. That's what my husband. When he was in that gun club where he was doing that. It. He went mostly just to shoot at paper targets. <SEP> But they used speed and accuracy and all that. I think that the gun clubs serve a useful purpose. In fact I'd like to see somehow they tie the legislation into not only when you buy a weapon you have to show that you've gone to school or gone to some class to know how to handle that weapon. That's a good. I've never thought of that. <SEP> That's a good point. And it. Even after you wait your nine days if you don't know how to handle it it's just like putting someone in an automobile that doesn't know how to drive. And you give him a license because he waited nine days. That's. And. <SEP> He could not only shoot himself. He could mishandle a weapon. Leave it at home and let a child get at it. It. We was living on a navy base down in Memphis. And this one guy decided to play lonesome cowboy or something. And he was twirling his gun around and shot himself in his foot. He was fortunate. He could of hit something else. He went tumbling down the steps along with shooting his foot almost off. He broke his leg and collar bone and a couple of other things being Mister Cowboy. <SEP> I can't remember what the term was going around. It was about four or five years ago. <SEP> But. I guess that would be a good idea. About private citizens selling a weapons? Like if you wanted to sell your pistol to me. How do you feel about that? Do you believe there ought to be legislation guiding the buyer and the seller? Or do you believe that you ought to be able to sell your system because you own it? <SEP> That's a hard one because we did that. But I think there ought to be some rule against it. I'll. The person who sells the gun ought to protect themselves because if that gun's registered to them and somebody else uses that gun in something the cops are going to come to you. Isn't there a way to deregister yourself after you register a gun? <SEP> I have no idea. I've only had one gun. Because I have. And I've kept it the one gun that was in my name. <SEP> Is it registered? I-. <SEP> The rifle that I've got is not registered. And I don't know why I never registered it. But the. I don't think you have to register a shotgun. <SEP> I think it's voluntary. The. My husband has a thing. If they go to all right banning guns. Private citizens. This. My kid is jumping on me. I can't hardly talk. <SEP> My husband feels that they'll come and collect everybody's guns. I guess that could happen. It's just like the social security system. Once they gave everybody a number. And now they're making you get one at birth. <SEP> And once they have your number they have your identification. And if you try to do anything like not identify yourself to the government they know who you are. And everything about you. <SEP> And that's true. I. Bu- they know how much money you make a week to probably your. My kid is banging. I was seeing what they was banging on. I've lost my train of thought. I'm sorry. That's all right. You were talking about what the Federal government knows about people. The Soc-. <SEP> They probably know everything from half the time what time you go to the bathroom. They probably do. That's a little bit extreme. But they could know anything and everything about you. And I'd like to have my gun. If they go to banning them I'd lose my gun. But we wouldn't lose our shotgun. <SEP> And we're wanting to get a couple of more that no one knows about. But I don't. <SEP> Do you find it difficult picking up guns that are not registered? I don't either. I can buy some today if I wanted to. Just put up the money. W-. <SEP> You can look in the. We got a thing down here called A SHOPPER. It's a bargain thing. You go and always see guns in there. Five to seven guns a day. <SEP> It comes out every Tuesday. And there's no waiting period on that. None whatsoever. <SEP> You call. We sold a refrigerator through it. And it took us all of twelve hours. To sell the refrigerator? <SEP>. And I'm sure it'd be even less for somebody with a good gun. And I think the Federal government is really far away from control. I don't believe in. I shouldn't probably say control. I mean regulation. Control is something that I wouldn't want the Federal government to have. But I would like to see them have a monitoring capability so that they know who has what weapons. I agree with you there. They do have too much control over us already. <SEP> We could look at our paychecks and see how much control they have. Unfortunately we vote for the people who spend the money. So I can't complain too much. I guess so. I don't know. They're.