What do you usually wear to work? I am basically retired now. <SEP> I was a member. I was in education and in administration. So basically I wore dresses. And heels. <SEP> And I because my work often took me into court never was one that got accustomed to wearing pants suits and pants to work. But that was just me. I know many people are very comfortable in the classroom and what have you wearing pants. <SEP> It. I guess I was just old enough not to be very comfortable in it. How about you? I work at T I. And they don't really have uh dress code so to speak there. It's pretty lax about. You can pretty much wear whatever you want to. And I wear anything from jeans when I'm feeling really casual to suits and dresses when I'm meeting with a customer. Or I teach training classes and so when I'm teaching a class obviously I wear a suit or dress. <SEP> So. It definitely fluctuates mainly with what I'm going to be doing that day and kind of what my mood is. And when it's raining I'm more likely to wear jeans. <SEP> And when it's really cold I'm more likely to wear jeans or pants or sweaters or that type of thing. But it just really depends on the weather and my mood. And then obviously when I'm doing anything that I'm in front of people or making presentations teaching whatever. I'm going to dress up more. <SEP> And I think that does make a difference. Because when you do have to be in front of people I think the tendency there is to wear dresses and suits and more classical style of clothing. <SEP> What about the mini skirt? There are a few people every now and then that wear those to work. They're pretty strict about that though. I've never worn. I just wouldn't. Even to. Jeans aren't exactly professional. But for some reason a mini skirt is to me a little more unprofessional to wear to work than jeans. Maybe it's just because of the sexist views and everything. But you just feel like you're showing too much le-. I don't know. I wouldn't want to wear a mini skirt to work. <SEP> We-. I have seen a few people do it though. But they weren't overly shor-. And they weren't overly revealing. They were pretty much in good taste. But. For me I just wouldn't want to do that. <SEP> There are mini skirts and there are mini skirts. There are some that are really short. And then there are some that may be will come like four inches or five inches above the knee. That's what I've seen. <SEP> And again it depends upon the size the shape of the person as well as the shape of the person's legs. <SEP> I also. Even though I retired from education I do modeling. And I teach at a modeling agency here. So when we are doing wardrobing we do discuss a great deal the mini skirt and the types of clothes to wear on the job. <SEP> Even though I may have them from sixth grade on up through grandmothers in my class. And I always try to emphasize the clothes that you wear should not necessarily be the greatest fad. <SEP> Because maybe those are not the clothes that are the most appealing to you or the most complimentary to you. But the mini skirt many times will evoke comments you don't really want. <SEP> And then you're in the situation where you're very unhappy. I feel like too on the job when there's men around and some of the managers are men you don't want them looking at your legs necessarily. That's right. And to me I just wouldn't feel comfortable in that at work. But. <SEP> I have to agree with that even when they was very very popular in the early sixties. I. Again maybe because I was at the school there were still many teachers who wore mini skirts. <SEP> We had no regulation against it. And a lot of the kids did of course. And it could be very embarrassing for the men teachers. Because they were not that careful in how they handled themselves in those mini skirts. <SEP> And so I think I do not like to see in the corporate areas all the women dressed like men with the suits and white shirts and ties and what have you so that they all look exactly the same. <SEP> I don't like that. I don't. I think there should be individuality in dressing. Even with the very tailored look of a suit sometimes I like to have just a little something that's feminine. Not. You don't want to over do it but just a little a touch of it just to say I am a woman. <SEP> But I can be professional too. And I don't think that you have to be manish and extremely tailored to look professional. <SEP> I think that you make of that what you wish. And you can go the opposite direction and over do all the frills and laces and flounces and what have you which don't belong at least in my opinion in the work place. But that. You can have a classical look without a great deal of adornment and what have you and still be very feminine. <SEP> Because that was one thing I always fought against. I started out as a physical education teacher. So I was always fighting against the idea of looking tailored or manish. <SEP> And people would never ever guess that I was Phys Ed. And that pleased me. And so then I of course just continued what I considered the best style of clothing for me at work. And I find even at home here now I will wear blue jeans or I'll wear shorts and what have you and be very comfortable. But when I go out somewhere then unless I have a pair of dress slacks I don't usually wear a lot of blue jeans. <SEP> I have difficulty getting them to fit me comfortably any how. And so I just feel that each person has to dress to their own liking and for their own comfort. <SEP> But there are certain norms that companies should be able to put out as guidelines for their employees. That's one thing I like about T I is that they aren't overly strict about what you wear. And your boss doesn't come up to you and say remember tomorrow you have a meeting so you'd better wear a suit. They leave it up to you and your judgment to use good judgment and dress tastefully and dress for whatever occasion you may have. <SEP>. The only real restrictions they have are no halter tops and no shorts even the long walking short of the squirts the split skirts anything that could be considered shorts they don't allow. <SEP> That's good. And they don't allow any sweat shirts or t shirts that might have vulgar or anything like that on it. But other than that it's pretty lax. <SEP> And I think that's good because it does allow people to be individual. And it allows you to kind of dress the way you feel that day. Or if you want to be comfortable and casual you can. And sometimes I think you may be more productive if you're comfortable with what you're wearing and can feel more relaxed. Whereas sometimes when you're in the suit and feel kind of almost stiff and maybe you can't get as comfortable to sit down. <SEP> And when I'm writing training material I prefer to be more comfortable unless I know I have to meet with a customer later during the day. So I think that is good that they're like that. I do know there's a lot of companies that are very strict about what the employees wear. And they must wear blue or gray or black and a white shirt and no variation. <SEP> And I don't quite agree with that. I don't either. Fortunately I don't have to work in those companies. <SEP> But I did have a group come over from one of the banks over the children's hospital where I was volunteering. And they were doing a presentation. And every one of the young execs coming up were dressed exactly a like men and women. They all had on the gray jackets and the gray trousers or skirts and the white blouses and the same color tie. You could hardly tell the women from the men except for the lengths of the pants. And one was a skirt and one was a pant. <SEP> And I think that's sad because that doesn't allow for any individuality. That's can stifle creativity. I agree. <SEP> It. I guess we've talked probably long enough. I guess so. It's been nice talking with you. Nice talking to you too. I enjoyed it. <SEP>.