I have a lot of different teams that I like to keep in touch with. Of course Texas Rangers being one of them. You can't live in Dallas without. What are the others? I originally came from Saint Louis. So the Saint Louis Cardinals are one. I moved to Kansas City. I have a tendency to adopt teams when I go to a town. <SEP> It's helpful. So I lived in Kansas City for a couple years. And I adopted the Royals. I lived in Houston for two and a half years. So I adopted the Houston Astros. So I've got quite a few. Do you keep up with the statistical stuff? I don't get into that too much. Every once in a while I will keep in touch with maybe who's in the top five of hitting or something like that. But I don't get into how many errors somebody has or things like that. <SEP> There's a guy that was on show that I listen to going to work in the morning who does. It's essentially trivial statistics. <SEP> But they've got a st-. It's a statistic that has to do with winning and losing one run games. I've heard of that one. And apparently the Rangers last year won a lot of one run games. I didn't know that. That's supposed to be a real good statistic. <SEP> It is. But it's a reverse indicator. That's true. They don't have the offense to get out or to have the more runs. So. What the argument is. And it's one of these statistical. How can you draw a conclusion from it. But they find that there's a connection between that and how they do in Spring training the following year. <SEP> And strangely enough it's almost like the law of averages catches you on the following year. Which means that if you have a good year winning one run games that the following year you'll have a bad year. And they've looked at twenty-three teams. And the statistics are something like twenty-one out of twenty-three. It was. Which means the Rangers are going to have a terrible year. I. Which I was kind of leaning toward anyway to tell you the truth. <SEP> And it's. I don't know. What do you think of Incaviglia's loss. I kind of think it was necessary. I'm not a big pure power hitter anyway. I don't like these guys that get up there and swing for the downs every time. I think that a player ought to hit a home run if he's got the pitch to do it. But when you get two strikes on you you should shorten your swing a little bit. If it's a perfect shot go for it. But the strike outs were a big problem for him. Plus supposedly what I heard he was not much of a team player anyway. So. It's an interesting concept though when you look at how apparently. I was reading in the paper tonight that the Detroit Tigers are going to sign him. And the point of. I don't understand the strategy of how baseball works. But it seems that they can sign him tomorrow. <SEP> And he could go in the team the next day. And and they put him in the lineup. And he hits a home run. And all of a sudden he becomes a hero. That's true. And all he has to do is hit the ball. You're not a-. And all he has to do is hit it once. It doesn't. He can swing a couple times. If he fouls it up he can swing as much as he can. <SEP> It's an interesting concept of how they do it. But I agree with you. I think that's part of what baseball needs more of. I guess what bothers me is that when you go you wait and wait and wait. And finally a guy gets up there and blasts a home run. And that's all the game is. I'd rather see the ball hit around and have the people. There's another point to that too. They said that he was horrible at batting with men on base. Having somebody get up and hit a solo home run gives you run obviously. But if you can't do it with men on base there's something definitely wrong. You've got to be able to get the two and three run home runs to be able to score enough runs to be able to win in this day and age. So. <SEP> How do you think the Royals are going to do? I think the Royals will do okay. They have several pitchers that had badly years last year. And they're these cycle pitchers. They pitch one year bad one year good one beer bad one year good. Saberhagen has won supposedly the Cy. I think he won Cy two out of three years. So he's very much due for a good year. Are they going to beat Oakland? That's a good question. I don't know how Oakland's going to react to being swept in the World Series last year. They could very easily take that as a challenge. Which is the way most teams naturally do. And just go out and not give anybody a chance to beat them. <SEP> So. I go to Saint Louis from time to time. And I watch their sports up there. And they're certainly intense about the Cardinals they. <SEP> Baseball is their life up there like football is down here I think. Did you actually live in Saint Louis? I lived in the suburbs of Saint Louis. <SEP> Everybody does. That's true too. I think that's all that they have. I had a friend from college that lives in. It's on the west side. Everything's on the west side. Manchester? <SEP> Out that way. And I went and visited him. But it is interesting. How are the Cardinals? Do you still keep up with them or someth-. I definitely do. In fact I've got family that still lives up there. From what I hear from everybody up there they're not going to have a good year because they let too many people go. But I've been following Spring training. And they're one of the best teams in spring training so far. <SEP> Is that a good indicator? It can be. It really kind of depends on what they were looking for. In other words if in Spring training they were looking at all their kids like a lot of them do then it really doesn't give you any indication. But if they were playing the people that they're going to play then that might be pretty good indication. So it's not a great indication because there have been teams that have just come out and just won all kinds of games in Spring training and then gone on a fourteen game losing streak in the first of the season. So. What I think is remarkable is. It seems that what you really need to do to win though is to have a team that has reasonable talent and has some people that have real breakthrough years. <SEP> And the question is how do you forecast that. You can't. If you had to bet on who would be in the World Series it would be really tough. I think the best thing that you can do is go with the players that have the talent to do the best years. And that they hadn't had these gigantic career years yet and just kind of assume that one of them is going to break through eventually. <SEP>. And I think they said the Reds. This last year I'm not sure that they said that they had that many people having career years. And so they may be even better this year. <SEP> When are the Rangers going to come through th-. That's a good question. I. The Rangers have a pitching problem. And whether or not they can fix that or not is going to be an interesting question. They're doing the right thing though. They are going with their farm system. They're letting their farm system build up and stuff like that. And. Is there enough money. That's part of it. I. That was part of Skip Bayless' argument. <SEP> I don't know if you read Skip Bayless a local commentary. And his argument is that the ownership is not inclined to lose big money long enough to bring in the big dollars. <SEP> That's probably true. Would you agree with that? Considering what I've seen in the last two seasons I'm beginning to agree with that. But you don't have to spend the big money as far as I'm concerned to win. You just have to spend it if it's necessary. <SEP> In other words if you've got a player on your team who's helping your team then keep him there. Don't let him go away. And I think that's really what's been hurting the Rangers. <SEP> Didn't Kansas City put up quite a bit of money for their pitching staff. They spent more money last year than any other team in the league. And they were toward the bottom of the league. So it's like I said spending money doesn't guarantee you winning a pennant. <SEP> It really doesn't. So. And I think that's maybe part of it that the. And it. If I owned the team. I think you'd like them to do well. But the question of losing big money that did Steinbrenner actually make money on the. You got me. I think that there's coming to a point real soon when ticket prices are going to be to the point where the average fan can't go. And once you do that you lose everything. <SEP> It's a little bit like any other sport. When it starts costing you fifty or a hundred dollars to go to a game. And I guess as we get older you're probably going. If you compare to go to a sport. Say you go to a rock concert or even a performance an opera or the symphony or something. <SEP> If i-. But how often do you do that. An. I would think baseball probably feeds on a number of people that can go out there several times a. That's the whole point. There are so many games in a year that they've got to have repeat customers. <SEP> They can't afford not to. And that's one of the things that I think Saint Louis has done. Their ticket prices are as high as anybody else's. But somehow or another they attract so many people from. It's a small market. And yet they attract as many if not more than most other cities. So. But don't you think there are older fans there. I don't mean older. The fact that it's better established and that the city is more of a.