I don't know. Do you do a lot of camping? My husband and I haven't done a whole lot of camping. But we bought a van last year. <SEP> And we were hoping to do some camping in the van. We did go camping in Oklahoma. Last year we camped in a tent. And there were two other couples with us. And there was uh state park. So. And it was really nice. Up here some of the state parks are really nice. And some of them aren't. Some of them are pretty rough. <SEP> They just have outhouses. They don't have a shower room or anything. But some of them are really nice. They have showers and full bathrooms. But I don't know. I've been camping a couple times. But I'm not a real avid camper. A lot of people I know are. But I don't. <SEP> I don't like really camping in the rough. I like the little necessities like having electricity available and running water and showers and things like that. We went once to a lean-to. And it. There wasn't any electricity on the camp site. But it was all right. We only spent two nights there. I wouldn't want to spend more than two nights. I wouldn't want to go for a week. But two nights is good. That would be much. Especially there was a little store close by. So it was pretty nice. <SEP> The campsite that we went to was an area that. It's right on a big lake. And there's a lot of boating out there. And we went up there to hopefully be able to get on the water a little bit. But it was still too cold. It was pretty early in the year. Up here you got to wait until August until the water warms up. <SEP> It's not that bad. But it's still pretty chilly. I don't know. I have a tent. And I fluff out in it in the backyard and stuff. But this thing about camping that bothers me is you've got to pack everything. And another thing is the thing seems to get. It's dirty. So you can't keep the dirt out of the tent. I don't know. We have a seven year old. It's pretty funny. Stay out. <SEP> We have a dog. And that's just about as bad as a kid. He doesn't go in and out of the tent a hundred times. And use it as a play. They like to play in them. <SEP> I don't know how you can really keep the inside of a tent clean. I don't know. Other than taking your shoes off right before you walk in or something and sweeping it out everyday it's really hard to keep the sand and dirt out of it. What we were doing we were just going to say we're just going to sleep in the tent and hang out at night no going in and out or what he wants to do. Was play in the tent. It was this is not working. You can't do that. You get the tent all dirty. <SEP> Did. Plus you get it all wet. We were at a beach site too. Did you have a big tent looks like a sitting area type like a two room type? But I was just thinking of getting one those for the yard because they are really nice. And up here we have quite a few mosquitoes at nighttime. <SEP> We don't really have a problem with that in these areas. And in Oklahoma when we camped I really didn't notice a problem with bugs. And I noticed that. I know that I said that's. I've lived back east before they. They're terrible. They're really terrible. But there's this one campsite that it. Just some of them are known. But there is one that's out in this big lake. And its mosquitoes are terrible. And then there's this other one that's more up in the mountains. But it surrounds a man-made reservoir. And there's no bugs. That's the whole thing that everyone told me. I was going to go to Little River State Park. That place is great. There's no bugs. But. Because we were having a really big problem up here in certain areas. We were really affected bad by it but really got it. Almost destroyed the tourism in one town because of the mosquitoes. They're so bad. <SEP> It's a really nice area. I've been there before. And it's. I couldn't imagine living just sixty miles north of them. But they were plagued with mosquitoes. And you can go outside in the daytime all right. But the minute the sun sets the mosquitoes come out. Just the very second. It's really strange. They must work on that. It gets cooler when the sun sets. And then they all come out. <SEP> Have you ever taken any of those lights. Have you ever used those? I never really noticed how effective they were. But because that wasn't really. I bought them. I really didn't get to use them like there's mosquitoes let's turn them. We just sort of lit them. And we weren't bothered that much by mosquitoes. So we didn't really contribute it to that. But I think in an area that's really thick with mosquitoes. I can't see all this little smoke buckets. <SEP> They work. But they're suppose to work really well. I'm in my paperwork here. That's what I do when I wait for a phone call. I get in my paperwork. To find my most important parts. But I don't know if I'm going to go. I wish was an avid camper. And I could really talk about gardening or something. You can talk about that a lot. <SEP> But I do want to go again. We just moved into a house. So I don't think camping. Maybe in the backyard. But I don't see going on a camping trip probably until next summer. I'd like to go camping cross-country. I just got married less than two years ago. So we don't have any children yet. So it's easy for you to go. <SEP> Easy to pick up and go and s-. We have a van. And we can just throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back of it. It's not really camping the way most people picture camping in the tent. But. I don't know. But that sounds my kind of camping it really does. That is to have a nice vehicle where you can have everything in it plus your tent. <SEP> Or get. My brother has a real nice pop-up. And he just tows it behind his truck. <SEP> And he's got three kids. So his kids will sleep in the truck in the back of the bed. And they sleep in the pop-up. Those they're kind of nice. But they're also flimsy when you really look at them. But when you get inside they're really nice. Everything's really. But then when you look underneath them it's just got these little wheels and this little axle. It's. And then a big windstorm it would pick you up. <SEP> He did have a problem when he went camping last year in Beavers Bend Oklahoma. A storm came in. And it started raining really heavy. And everybody was trying to flee the campsite. Everybody was getting stuck in the mud. And. What do you do when you get a really violent storm like a tornado. Just stay in your truck. I wouldn't stay in the. <SEP> Theirs was so bad. And they were so close to the water that the water was coming up. And they had to get out of there. Then were they successful? <SEP> They were. But it took them a little while? But. They decided that that was enough camping for the weekend. Did they get stuck? <SEP> They ended up getting out. They ended up helping several other people though that were stuck. So they evacuated it. The whole campsite was evacuated. <SEP> I think some people that had fairly sturdy vehicles or whatever if they had a Winnebago or something and they were farther in away from the water I think they stayed. But everybody that was real close to the water ended up. It was either that or their truck was going to go floating downstream. I know I like to get right on the water. By the campsite it's so. <SEP> We have lean-tos up here. I really like them. Like I say they're just kind of more sturdy than anything. Just. They have them right at the campsites? They're lean-tos. They're pretty nice. <SEP> It's like a little house except the whole face is open. And the one time that we got one. It was overlooking the water. But it was a big embankment. I wanted to get one right on the water. We had an electrical storm too. And it was neat sitting there watching it. It was raining. When we called home everybody said we were worried about you in that storm.