. All set. Do you want to start? I can go ahead and start. <SEP> Go ahead. In Dallas there's definitely a crime problem. I know it's worse in the larger cities. It's kind of a concern for me. In fact at the moment I'm thinking of possibly moving to a new apartment. And it's. I am single and female. You definitely are going to worry about the location and accessibility of people to be able to break in. I live on a third floor now. But I'm real concerned that I don't want to be on a first floor where you can have problems with things like that. And the. Do they have many buildings that have security there? Some buildings do. It depends on the location. The area I live in right now is real good as far as crime rate is concerned. And we don't have anything at all no burglar alarms no guards. Some places do have guard gates that you have to get through or electronic access gates and things like that. <SEP> I went to Dallas when I worked for T I in Abilene. And I'm a little familiar with the city area Forest Lane and through that off the freeway. <SEP> And it didn't seem like it was that congested in that part. Because to me where we live out here in the north east there are a lot of buildings very close to each other. And the cities are very populated with tenement housing where there are more than one family in a house. And with the people that are coming into the country from other countries not knowing the language. <SEP> And they're going to the big cities. It makes it very difficult. <SEP> It really does. And I've seen the same thing that you're talking about much more crime than ever before. Drugs of course a big part of it I think. <SEP> And I don't know. A lot of younger people into more violent crimes. That's really sad. You got young boys or girls at fourteen or twelve years old that are committing murders and no remorse what so ever. There's a lot of that going on in Dallas too. <SEP> It's really sad. It is. And I don't know if it's the family thing where they're not bonding anymore where mothers are working all the time and the kids aren't getting the attention that they need or the television. <SEP> And I really think that we're falling by the wayside with not incarcerating these people. I agree. I think that people are getting off too easy. They're getting paroled too easily. <SEP> They're just getting put on probation or something because the prisons don't have enough room. So they get lighter sentences. And some of those people they don't deserve to be let loose. <SEP> And they had. In fact on the news last night we were watching this man who lost his ten year old daughter. He ran out to the store for a few minutes. And he had left her home alone. Ten years old. She's old enough to be alone for a few minutes. And while he was gone he had went looking for a job and stopped at the store. That's what it was. And someone who was in the neighborhood cleaning carpets these two men went in raped the girl murdered her and the whole bit. <SEP> And one of the men got seventeen years. And the other one was in for life imprisonment. The one that was in for the seventeen years actually served seven. And he's out. That's terrible. <SEP> And the man said that if it weren't for the fact that he would go to jail that he would eliminate this person himself. And then go to McDonalds and have a hamburger and not think a thing about it. <SEP> And I think that what this is going to lead to is people will take things into their own hands. And that innocent people. I shouldn't say innocent because I mean actually if they commit a crime that they're in the same circumstances. But. <SEP> The reasons that they're doing it compared to the reason someone else is in jail for it it's two different things. Sometimes when you lose someone that you really love you do some crazy things. Yo-. I don't know. It's a little more understandable under the circumstances I guess. <SEP> I like the idea that if someone is from a foreign country and they come to this country and commit a crime that irregardless of whether they have already become a citizen or anything they should be immediately deported. <SEP> Especially if they're found guilty of the crime. Once they have been arrested. And if they know beyond a shadow of a doubt these people are guilty. <SEP> That's it. We don't take care of them. We don't support them nothing. They go right back where they came from. We have enough problems with overcrowding in the jails as it is. So let their country take care of it. <SEP> And. We don't have too much trouble in Dallas with. I guess we do have a lot of people come in from Mexico that cause problems. But. But they're so close. I don't consider Mexican people in the same category with especially people who come from cultures that don't have the same kind of moral upbringing that we have. <SEP> You take Asian countries or the Eastern countries where women are in the background and the men are in the foreground. <SEP> And it's like they live back in where we came from two hundred years ago. <SEP> We've advanced beyond that. And I think that their mentality as far as the way they treat them and that kind of thing. You know what I mean. It was amazing. I went to the Far East back in October to do some training for T I. And I. Some of those countries were so safe it was unreal. Singapore is supposed to be very safe. And in fact Tokyo. And I thought Tokyo would be dangerous being such a huge large city with so many people. <SEP> But they. At the T I there I said is there any area I should avoid. And the guy said let me ask another girl here. And he turned and asked this girl and said can you think of any place where Dana shouldn't go by herself or anything. And she thought for a few minutes. And she said no. And he said is there any place you wouldn't go by yourself. She said no. And they said it is so safe there that you can leave your purse on the subway. And somebody will turn it in. And nothing will be missing. They said they can just about guarantee that there that that would happen if you did that. I thought in America if you left a purse on a subway you would never see it again. <SEP> You better believe it. If. You wouldn't even have to leave it. That's true. <SEP> It would get snatched right off your arm. That's true. But I was thinking in Dallas if somebody asked me if there were places you wouldn't go by yourself at night I'd have to set them down for about five or ten minutes to list all the places out. I couldn't believe that she couldn't think of any place. They said apparently the crime is just. <SEP> That's amazing. What's the difference there. Do you know? I'm not sure what it is there. I know what it is in Singapore is they have the death penalty. And they really enforce it. I believe in the death penalty. I really do. For drugs they enforce the death penalty for that. They're just very very tough. And I guess maybe that's the way Tokyo is too or Japan is too. They're just very tough on criminals. <SEP> I think that we're too easy. And we take the civil liberties stuff too far. <SEP> People that are in prison we didn't put them there. They put themselves in that situation. And as far as them entertaining the rights that they should have. <SEP> We educate them. We feed them. We take care of them. And they no sooner get out on the street and they're back in again. I'm not saying they're all bad. But I think people who are guilty of really serious heinous crimes do not deserve to be cared for for the rest of their lives. <SEP> I think that they should be put away. And if they're overcrowded they shouldn't have gotten theirself there in the first place. <SEP> Get rid of them. I think that that's the whole key here. This plea bargaining baloney where they plead to a lesser crime or they plead guilty or tell about someone else and they get less time. <SEP> Or if they're in there and they've got seventeen years and they're on good behavior for every year they're in they get so many less that they don't serve the full penalty. <SEP> I really think we're going to far overboard with all of this. I agree because it's not fair to those of us that deserve a safe life to have to. Same with drunk drivers. <SEP> I think it's too easy for them. That if the laws were harsher and were enforced. <SEP> You have to set an example. You have to start somewhere. And I think that people know that they're going to get a slap on the wrist they might serve a little bit of time and that they'll be out on the street again. <SEP> An I feel bad for the policeman because he's out there every day facing these people. This craziness people with automatic weapons and all this other stuff and trying to do a job. <SEP> And let's face it. What do they get paid. Not much. Twenty thousand dollars a year if they're lucky. I wouldn't do it for that. And especially not in some of these big cities. In Dallas they've had. They're up in the top five of cities that are getting policeman killed in the line of duty. And that's really sad. <SEP> It is it really is. And they're the first ones that take the brunt of everything. And I'm not saying that they're all good either because there's good and bad in everything. <SEP> But they have three strikes against them when they're out there. Because they'll arrest someone and go through all that paperwork and writing a report and all this and having all kinds of evidence. And you have to even be careful how you arrest them how you talk to them what they say.