I guess I don't really have a problem with capital punishment. I'm not really sure what the exact specifications are for Texas. I know that they have capital punishment for certain crimes. And that's probably the way I feel about it is it kind of depends on the crime that's committed. My belief all my life has been that if you take someone else's life then you automatically are giving up yours in place of it. But I don't. Seems to be a lot of controversy about that. <SEP> I tend to agree with you. Probably pretty similar views on it. But that's one of the things I don't understand is so much of the controversy. Because I do also myself believe in capital punishment. It really irks me to see so much effort put into preventing someone being put to death by the State when they so callously and usually without even thinking or without any concern end somebody else's life and in a lot of cases several people's lives. That's true. I guess there's probably two or three different types of views as far as the controversy goes. I can see where if a life was taken by accident or not premeditated or primarily by accident there may be cases where the death penalty is not called for. But I lean towards if it's premeditated or if it's kind of a tendency that people may get into then I guess I don't really have a problem with it. <SEP> That's kind of the way I feel. If you've got a guy who's been to trial and has been in and out of jail basically a three time loser for the twelfth time and he goes out and kills somebody he's not going to be reformed. He's not going to get any better. It's just not going to get any better. And the only thing. A lot of people have the opinion that don't have capital punishment. But give them life in jail. And I could go along with that if I could be assured that it would be their natural life in jail and not parole after ten or twelve years. I think that's what aggravates a lot of people is somebody does get a life sentence in place of the death penalty. And they wind up back on the streets after five years or six years or like the kid on the news tonight out in Mesquite who was out in six months. <SEP> It's just our criminal system is just so overloaded. But the problem is not so much with the prison system. Because the cops are out there doing their job enforcing the laws. And the prison system are just. They're trying to cope with them. But the thing about capital punishment I. A lot of people don't think it would be a deterrent to future crime. And the way it is now it's not. Because you. If. The State of Texas for example may execute somebody twice a year. That's no kind of deterrent because we've got literally hundreds of people on death row and many of them who have been there literally for ten or fifteen years on death row. <SEP> And that's certainly no kind of deterrent. And I would tend to agree with anybody who says right now that it's not a deterrent because it's not. It's not. You think of your chances of getting the death penalty after committing a crime are really pretty slim right now. And you can probably spend a lot of time or maybe eventually just waiting it out. <SEP> And that's where a lot of aggravation comes is these guys spend so much time in the appeal process or just in the waiting process. They may spend years. And the last I heard it was costing ten twenty thirty thousand dollars a year to keep these guys waiting. <SEP> It's amazing. There's a girl I work with our secretary as a matter of fact. Her father was murdered her father and three other guys up here in Sherman. And the guy that they tried and convicted and sentenced him to death he's been on death row for eight years. <SEP> And this was her father that got killed just cold-blooded murder him and three other people. But still for some reason this guy's sentence has not been carried out. He's sitting on death row for eight years after having killed four people. And the State still can't bring itself to execute this guy. To carry it out. It sort of takes the justice out of the justice system. <SEP> It does. It really does. She and they have to go back. Occasionally she has to write letters to the parole board and lawyers. And just ever so often she mentions she's got to do something else write another letter or do something. It's just. It should be over and done with. <SEP> She should be getting on with her life getting that part behind her. But yet it's kind of tied to her the way it is now. It is. And she winds up being a victim day after day after day. <SEP> A victim. Not only indirectly of the crime but also indirectly by that indirect involvement. It's ridiculous. She's an emotional victim. <SEP> It's terrible. And. And like you say the cops that are out doing the work day by day have got to have a lot of frustration when they see all their work basically go out the window. <SEP> That. <SEP> I couldn't be a cop for that very reason because they do. The criminal gets right back out. And the cop's just got to go back and do his thing all over again because so many of the crimes are done by repeat offenders. They are. It's. That's about five minutes. So unless you've got something else <SEP>. It's a pleasure talking with you. <SEP> Ron we'll see you later.