I guess we're on. Hang on. Let me try it again because usually. Do you usually get a message? <SEP>. Hang on let me check on it. I don't know. <SEP> Let me try it once more. I think we're on maybe. I guess we'll find out. <SEP> In Maryland are you a Skins fan? Not really from. I really wasn't from here. So the teams I really root for in football are the Niners and the Seahawks only the Niners because I used to live out in California I like Seattle because I like Seattle. And besides I like the city. <SEP> So you were out there in San Francisco? San Jose actually but close. <SEP> Other than the big catch with the Forty-niners and the Cowboys back a few year ago I like San Francisco. <SEP> But I don't know. I never really was a Cowboys fan until I moved down to Texas. Is that where you are now? <SEP> I'm in Dallas. And I guess when you're down here in Dallas you finally get indoctrinated into the Cowboys because this is a big football territory down here. <SEP> And unfortunately of course the Cowboys have been doing so bad in the past few years. That. I don't know. Everybody's kind of. They're still behind them. But it's not like it used to be. You back the winners. And you don't back them when they're not doing well. <SEP> That's right. But I think actually in trying to follow the Cowboys over the years they used to have a philosophy for probably the last twenty-five years except for about the last about five or six years they always went out and tried to draft the best athletes. And didn't really draft for any particular spot. <SEP> But they would go out and try to go for the best people and then mold them into different areas or find their natural niche. And then about four or five years ago they started going after specific players or positions. The press would get down on Landry. And this is when Schramm was still there. <SEP> And they'd go after them saying what you really need is a defensive end. So they'd go out and try to find a defensive end. And when they drafted somebody and he didn't work out at that spot it really wasn't a good enough athlete to move to any place else. So I think it was kind ever interesting. I think the decline of the Cowboys as a powerhouse really kind of started with not drafting the best athletes. It makes sense because you've got the flexibility if they're good athlete they can do a bunch of different things. <SEP>. But. And I don't. My main sport is baseball. But I've been enjoying football. But I don't know it as well. <SEP> I just. Cowboys are going to have a problem aren't they? Is it this year they don't have a draft pick because of the Walker trade. Or what was the whole deal on that? They still have some draft picks that they got. They don't have anything high do they? <SEP> Actually they picked up some from Minnesota. I think it was Minnesota's. That's right. That's right. They. It went the other way. <SEP> What was I thinking. They traded Herschel to Minnesota. They traded Walker. My brain is really working well tonight. <SEP> That's okay. They. I've got a friend that lives right next to the Cowboys' training camp. And he sees them out running a lot. And every once in a while gets a chance to talk to some of the guys. And they're all thinking that they really got something going this year. <SEP> But I guess when you have a whole bunch of professional athletes that get together at the beginning of the year everybody's got great hopes. I guess it's the same way with baseball or anybody. Spring training until you actually start going out and getting out against the competition everything probably looks pretty good. If you go to. I'm sure if you go to any of the twenty-eight coaches in football in training camp they say we're going to be Super Bowl Champs. Because I know in baseball any manager you go to say we're going to be in the World Series even though there's not a prayer. <SEP> <SEP> This is the way it is. Kim didn't the Cowboys even finish. They finished pretty close to five hundred last year didn't they? <SEP> They did. As a matter of fact. Because they only won one game the year before? I enjoyed that because it was against the Skins. <SEP> You don't like the Skins? I live near Baltimore. And I really don't like D C a whole lot at all. And I'm really. They got a big thing because of the expansion going on in baseball. D C is talking about how they're going to get a baseball team and everything. It's you guys aren't going to get a baseball team I'm sorry it's not going to happen. <SEP> But of course the griping is that if Washington doesn't get a baseball team then Baltimore shouldn't get a football team. Which is probably true. But anyway I've never liked D C a whole lot. And a really hate the Redskins. And a lot of it's because I got a lot of people at work with and everything that are big Redskin fans. Of course. <SEP>. Of course then you're not that far from Philadelphia. I've never liked Philadelphia the city a whole lot. The only reason I really enjoy the Eagles at all is because I really like Randall Cunningham. I. It was Buddy Ryan the one that I can't stand too much. Ye-. Considering how well he gets along with Jimmy Johnson that doesn't surprise me. <SEP> There was this ther- in. The Baltimore Sun has this cartoonist in the sports section. And when. Last. I guess it was January when Jimmy Johnson got named coach of the year or whatever. It was the same year that Buddy Ryan got fired. And he had this cartoon in there about Jimmy Johnson's big day. The first thing is the phone call from the league saying he was coach of the year. And the second was this phone call from Buddy Ryan I got fired can you believe that. <SEP> Actually you said you lived near Baltimore? You're out. I used to travel out that way a lot. And actually I used to drive a lot between Baltimore and Washington. And. I lived. Do you know what Ellicott City is? <SEP> It's just west of Baltimore off Route Seventy. But basical- Route Seventy and Route Forty. <SEP>. I used to go out of B W I a lot. That's not far from where the new football stadium would be if we got an N F L team. <SEP>. They've built a new stadium downtown. It's opening next year. Is that near the what do they. I forgot the name of it. Is it the Wharf or the Inner Harbor. The Inner Harbor. <SEP> It's a couple of blocks west. There is an old railroad yard basically. There's a big long railroad shed. And then there's an old station. And they're building the stadium on the other side of the shed from the Inner Harbor which is really stupid because one of the big selling points of the new stadium is supposed to be this view of the Inner Harbor. And the only way you're going to have a view of is this big brick wall. <SEP> But they're building the baseball stadium. And they've got land set aside for a football stadium if they ever get a N F L team. So it's real easy access from south of Baltimore like the airport or more importantly for the Orioles from Washington D C. <SEP> The Orioles say they get twenty-five percent of their attendance from D C. I tell you what I. The. There's. The Colts still to me are the Baltimore Colts. <SEP> You know? They really ought to change the name in Indianapolis. I never been real thrilled with not. Sitting here and talking about all the cities that I hate. I went to Purdue University for a couple of years and really learned to hate Indianapolis while I was out there. <SEP> And I was not real happy when they left to go there of all places. Did you graduate from Purdue? I transferred to Delaware and graduated there. <SEP> Delaware? There's not a whole lot in Delaware. But it's close to Philadelphia and Baltimore. <SEP> So it's. That's true. I take it you're an east coast type guy? Plus the west coast. Kind of all over the place but east coast lately. <SEP>