We're energized. Painting. Interesting. The guy called me. When the computer called me I thought that they were reading my mind. I'm in the middle of going out for bids to have my house painted. <SEP> Painting is not hard to do as long as it's not to the point of where it needs to be scraped and peeling. <SEP> And our house is not. But it's starting to bleed through and burn through because the paint's real cheap. And it's just a hassle to go through it. So I'm looking for the easy way out. I know. Di-. Is easy to find painters to do this for you? It's easier to find painters. But you have to be aware of how messy they can get and are they going to put on a good two coats and are they going to caulk. <SEP> Ri-. Are you talking outside or inside? Exterior. <SEP> Exterior. Interior's not so bad because it's more fun. It's more c-. But. Outside you have high peeks and those kind of things. <SEP> It can be a real issue. When we've painted. Right now our house doesn't have to have the same kind of exterior painting there. It's more trim because it has some of the old asbestos shingles on the back and there's some sort of stone or something in the front. <SEP> So there isn't as much wood that has to be painted. But it. The problem is that the sun hits it. So preparing is a real problem. You've got to prepare it well. Or else it will flake. <SEP> Here they. Some of the home builders are. They don't put brick on the side of your house just to save money. So they put up a quarter inch Masonite basically. And they painted it kind of a spun of a sorts. So it's real cheap. And I've had thirteen hundred dollar bid and as low as five hundred and forty dollars. So it's just a matter of. That's quite a range. It's. <SEP> There one guy brags about his piece of equipment he's using and the drop cloths and all that kind crap. And I'm so much worried about that as what I don't want it all over the brick and windows. And. <SEP> Which might be a bigger problem than it would be. So you haven't had any jobs painted in your house recently. <SEP> We have done a little painting ourselves. We painted the bedroom within the last couple of months. That's fun. And we have some more that need to be done. <SEP> But the problem that we've owned this house almost five years now. And when we bought it it had been vacant for a while because the family will retired. But the daughter was a real estate agent. And she was selling it. And it's been lived in briefly by her before she bought her town house. So she told us that the house had been professionally painted recently. And it looked pretty good the interior walls all basically white. But they obviously had been done without to much wear afterward. The only problem was when we started having the movers move the furniture in we identified various rooms by pieces of masking tape on the door frames. When we took the masking tape off half the painted came with it. That's not very. <SEP> Big long strips. So what had happened is that professional painters had not prepared the surface properly. And some of still has to be redone. They just painted over varnished wood. <SEP> Actually it had been a repaint job. But they had not. Either they had painted with the wrong kind of paint over top. Or they hadn't really roughed it up or whatever they. Because it was woodwork. So it looked as if it had been painted correctly with an enamel or something. <SEP> Either that or it had not been prepared underneath. And it was greasy or something. It comes off in strips not even little bit. So we still have some of that trim work to do because we put it off all this time. <SEP> We know what a job it's going to be. Because you almost have to strip the whole thing in order to do it again. I wish you good luck. <SEP> Thank you very much. Thank you. <SEP>