. The public school systems everybody has known they've needed renovation for years but never really had a clear direction on which way to go with it. <SEP> The first direction that I would love to see them go with. Kids learn at different rates. And for too long they've kind of lumped everybody together. You'd learn at this rate. And that's the only way it's going to happen. That's true. You've got some kids that'll pick up on it in the first three minutes you're talking about it. And the other fifty-seven minutes you've been talking about a subject you've bored them. That's very true. I guess I can relate to that because I have two kids that are opposites like that. One picks up real quick. And the other one doesn't. And you're right they do get bored really fast if they already know what you're talking about. What do you propose that they do? What is your suggestions? <SEP> The educators need to be a little bit more open minded as well as innovative in dealing with the various students to get the maximum potential out of the person. Out of each child. Out of each child. Each individual child. <SEP> Some kids are going to be great with mechanical stuff. Other kids are going to be really into math. Some are really going to be heavy into reading. Instead of pushing the scales too far either direction it's great to be well rounded and be exposed to all this stuff. That's. <SEP> But why not hit the points the kid's really interested in? Because if he's interested he's going to study it. And he's going to learn it. And he's going to remember it. That's true. I think the only thing that they would argue about that is that every child needs to learn every subject. That might be the only thing. But I definitely agree with you. They need exposure to every subject. They don't need to be masters of it. That's true. <SEP> Everything I learned about ancient Rome has not helped me anywhere in my adult life. I definitely agree. There's no doubt about that. I can relate to that because I'm going to college right now. And I feel like I'm taking this history class. And it's so boring. And I just hate it. And I think why do they make us take this stuff? What does this have to do with getting a computer science degree or whatever? <SEP> What type of history class is it that you're having to take? American History. We have to take early seventeen hundreds through mid eighteen hundreds. And then we have to take another one that's mid eighteen hundreds on up to basically present. The early ones they could actually combine two levels of it the one from seventeen hundred til the end of the Civil War. <SEP> Combine that into one. And then from eighteen sixty-five to present. And make that your second step because to a point the early parts of it you're giving the foundations of the nation. That's basically what they're doing. <SEP> But even then they're skimming over. They're almost trivial with it. I agree. There's. If they really wanted to get to the meat of the matter they make all these people out to be. They were great men. And they're the father of the country and all this. He had just as much dirt on him as anybody else. <SEP> If not more. The man was not a saint. That's true. This school system thing. I tell you I saw something on the news maybe two weeks ago. And they were talking about. I don't know where you're from. But I'm from the Dallas area. And they were talking about the Plano school system that they had one school that if the students did something wrong whether it was behavioral or they weren't learning properly or something. They took these students and put them basically in a closet. With no windows. They had not a table but a desk in this closet. And they had to sit in there by themselves. Parents were getting really angry about this because they said Why is my child being put in this closet. How is that helping my child. And the thing. They said we're giving them isolation time. And this helps them to think. But a lot of kids. If a child has claustrophobia that's just going to terrify him. And. If the isolation concept really works that good why are our prisons overcrowded? That's true. That's true. But. They were. I definitely agree with parents. I think that is a very wrong way to handle disciplining a child. Putting them in their quiet rooms or their isolation rooms. They didn't call them closets. But they showed these rooms on the news. And they looked like a closet to me. With a desk in it real small. But they said that one of the solutions they came up with was to take the doors off of these isolation rooms. I said how is this helping? Either way. I definitely had to disagree with that. I think that's not the way to discipline a child by putting him in a closet. <SEP> As a part of the revamping of the entire education system on that lev- the public school system I want to see changed too. When I was brought up if you crossed the line and you broke a rule bad enough you were going to get spanked. Then the extreme came in. And now we can no longer spank them. <SEP> So we now isolate them. We've swung the pendulum both ways. Let's find a middle ground. There has to be some sort of discipline. And there has to be some sort of punishment. Short of physically isolating the child and short of physically hitting the child. <SEP> Let's put him into a situation where you crossed the line you broke the rule you're going to have to pay for it. <SEP> But it's going to tax you physically. I don't. Instead have them pick up around the school yard have them weed a flower bed somewhere on the school yar-. Do something to beautify the school property. That's true. <SEP> But you cut. The kid's having to give up his quote play time to pay his debt for what he did wrong. But he's seeing something constructive come out of it. I have to. I think one of the things that can come out of is not just discipline? But. For instance one of the things they do at my kids school they have what they call caught being good slips. And when the kids are in halls and stuff and if they're being really good just being excellent they're not cutting up and so on. They're just standing in line doing whatever they are supposed to. They get one of these caught being good slips. And then when they collect them at the end of each week they get to go to what they call their caught being good store. And then they get to spend these like money. To me that's positive reinforcement is much better than trying to find ways to discipline kids because they're going to be good and try and earn those things to get the positive part of it. They'd much rather go in the store and buy something than be spanked. So they're definitely going to work towards being good rather than trying to act up and be bad. <SEP> I think that not only applies inside the public school system but in society itself. There's been too much negative reinforcement. How much like the caught being good slips. How about just the John Q citizen out there on the street? That's true. I think really though. That's one thing that my kids definitely get spanked when they need to be spanked. But I really do try to use positive reinforcement with them at home also. And it really helps. And they don't get spanked very often. But they do when they deserve it. But I don't think any kid should be exempt from being spanked. I think I wouldn't mind if a teacher spanked my child. But that's just my personal opinion. And that's not going to. I don't think that law will ever change. They are never going to let a teacher spank a child again. But I don't think. Some kids don't get spanked at home. And some kids need to be spanked at home. Don't you think? I most wholeheartedly agree. But I don't know. <SEP> There's a point of over kill. But somewhere you've got to find an even line. There's so many parents that say you can deal with a child without spanking them. Which is true you can. But there are times when a child needs to be spanked. They do things that they need that. Need that shock effect where they equate the shock of being spanked with the actions they did to get spanked.