How do you feel about our policy in Latin America? I'm all in favor of it. I think we've been doing a pretty good job not taking advantage of the financial dependence that most of the countries have on us. We could direct the government even more than we have been. I don't think we've been doing too bad. Do you think that's right? Do you think we should direct the government? <SEP> I think as a whole that being that the drug industry can bring so much money to a country. I think that if it wasn't for the United States Government matching that the drug cartels or whatever would control most the Central and Latin America. <SEP> Just that money is power. And. I have a friend that's de-. His descendants are from Nicaragua and very. It's like his mother came over. <SEP> And he. I just get sorry feelings for people that their family came from there and how they feel about our intervention and their government and stuff like that. And he was all for it because it's just like you say. There's so many people there that get the kind of control that's bad. <SEP> And that their governments can become so corrupt. And it's like I use to feel like. They should work their way. They should be able to work their self out of it. Or why intervene in another country's problems and things like that. Why should we be the ones that have to do it and things like that. But I think just a lot of times if we don't then that influence will affect our country too for one. And for two that it does help. I think the people in those country do want our help. The people that are under conditions that are not favorable to their rights. <SEP>. <SEP> But. But I wish we didn't have to. I'd rather. Even if a country chooses a government that's not exactly the kind of government that we have or as in complete opposition to it at least it's their choice as long it's one that makes since so to speak. It is a government that stays in power that can stay in power. But it seems like most of them don't. <SEP> Sometimes that's America doing that too. We fall out of agreements with certain leaders. And then amazingly enough the country starts turning against our leader. It's. So you think C I A influence and our money over there. <SEP> That and. America starts talking then about removing bases and whatnot and stuff like that and people. Or government aids and stuff. <SEP> I think that has a lot of things to did with. Then how can you say in Europe as far as the toppling of those kinds of governments. <SEP> That was. I mean. I'm really wondering whether that's going it settle down or not. Because on one hand you have the Soviet Government of course mistreating a lot of the Slovak countries and then on the other hand you have. <SEP> They were feeding us. So I don't know really what's going to happen. But we're not intervening in that. Or do you think that we are to the degree that we are causing. <SEP> Are. I think we're getting quite a. Put it this way I think. I think the people are revolting themselves. And. <SEP> And we're allowing it to happen. I agree with that. <SEP> <SEP> I agree that communication has become so much more widespread and worldwide that people are realizing we don't have it so good and let's stand up. <SEP> This is ridiculous. We're living with these kind of conditions in a world that's advancing as fast as it is. That. I think people are just saying we don't want anywhere of this. <SEP> I think Central America has always been one of those places where people are more passive where it's always the minority that are trying to make the country better. <SEP> I don't mean to. I guess I do in a way. Sometimes I think a religion has a lot to do with that. I think that because of those countries where such Catholic influence. And I think the Catholic religion itself was such a dominant factor as far as keeping the people down so to speak. <SEP> I thought it was the other way around. But. They were always having to meet in the catacombs and all this. So all the persecution that they're sort of use to it it's been sort of. <SEP> But I don't agree with that because the Catholic religion as far as through the ages has been the rule so to speak. They are the ones that set a lot of the rules. And they are the ones that do keep the people down. When you a religion that most of the people go to church and they don't understand when anything is being said yet they're expected to bow down to it I think that keeps people in sort of line. <SEP> I don't quite understand that. Do they even understand what's being said? When it use to be Latin. I'm just saying that the old church. <SEP> The old church. Which it's not that way now. But I think that it's just Latin countries are slower in coming around. <SEP> They actually understood. It is in America where it was hard. Latin is very very very close to Spanish. Latin. They still didn't understand it though I don't think. <SEP> Because I descend from that. And I don't understand Latin. And I'm of Spanish descent. So I just think that has something to do with why Latinos tend to be the more meek. <SEP> They tend to be more. Not stand up for their rights as much. They're not really sure of what they are. I don't think. I never really thought of it that way. How can you contrast the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to the people in Latin America. <SEP> Why are they not as vocal. Or why do they not stand up so to speak for their rights? I don't know. Could be the economic still. <SEP> The. There's. The poverty level is certainly much worse in the Latin American countries. You can say that about Africa too. I think it has something to do with the poverty level because Africa is certainly not a Catholic country. And yet they have the same problem where kings and such. I don't agree with that. <SEP> I don't agree. Because I think that they are pretty vocal about it in Africa. I think they've made a lot more chances. They're very vocal. In South Africa. In South Africa I think they are. But yet. So what's the difference? <SEP> Idi Amin was in power for so long. So what makes the difference between South Africa and rest of Africa? <SEP> Racial I think. Or like you say maybe communication of knowing that up in other English colonies or previous English colonies everything is equal and yet down there it's not. I think communication does have a lot to do with it in education maybe. <SEP> I don't know about education. Because the black community is still not very educated down there. So I think it is communication. It's just oopsy. I think it maybe has a lot to do with education. Because you look at the European countries. I think they tend to be more educated much more educated than Africa or the Latin American countries. <SEP> That's true. You know that. I don't know whether. Actually I've always wondered how the education system works in the Russian countries the Republics. I know that Russia they're comparably better educated than we are in our country. <SEP> That's good in a way. Something we compete with. <SEP> And I've been sort of disappointed that they say literacy rate has gone down. That's sort of upsetting to think that we're richer and yet everybody is intellectually poorer. In our country? <SEP> In our country. That is really upsetting. And considering it's free. Good education is really still free. That's just it though good education. <SEP> Is it good education? It may be free but is it good education. And that's just it. Are we willing to pay for it. <SEP> A lot of people bitch and moan about the taxes and all. But are they willing to pay for quality education? <SEP> And yet people get very frightened when they see the Japanese moving in and the Russians moving in certain areas of technology that we use to dominate. And it's like they're educating their people to higher degrees than we do. So you're going to have to expect it. So what you. Are you willing to compromise a little and take some of that money out of your pocket and pay for good quality education. So I don't know. But I.