This is a good subject isn't it? It's something that you can really talk about. <SEP> I don't know what we're going to do about it. But it's certainly something that has a lot of things to talk about. When they say the Middle East it's such a big area. <SEP> And there's so many different problems there. What do you want to concentrate on. It doesn't matter to me. I'll tell you something. I have a sister-in-law from Israel. <SEP> And they're really quite arrogant about it all. They believe that they belong there. And they've belonged there forever. And the Palestinians and the Arabs are more or less. They consider them second class. They're really quite arrogant about it. I don't know if that contributes to the problem. <SEP> How did they feel about the United States intervening with Patriot missiles. Did they. I'm sure this is the one time that the Israelis are really happy to have their big brothers the Americans. But I didn't really talk about that with her. My sister-in-law now lives in Switzerland. <SEP> But when they were living in Israel it was the Palestinians they come in. And they're nothing but really servants for them. And they really treat them like second class citizens. They don't really want them around. But they like them around because they do all the menial labor and such. But they really do. They look down on them. And I don't know being. I live in Vermont. And being up here we pretty much treat everybody as someone that has merit even if they're poor or if they're Hispanic or if they're black. We give everybody pretty much the benefit of a doubt because we don't see all the crime and all the hurt in the big cities. <SEP> If I lived in Washington D C I think I'd have a different attitude about Black people. Because I've heard that they're terrible. It's just like it's a dog eat dog world. And here all my black friends are professionals. And they don't go out and abuse drugs. And they send their kids to school. And they really encourage them to go to college and stuff. So it's just a different world. <SEP> I live in San Antonio. And fifty percent of the population is minority. I talked to someone about San Antonio. And they said that you have quite the problem with the ghettos. I don't know. Do they call it the barrio down there. <SEP> That's the barrios. But I don't think it's any different of a problem than any other major city. It's just Hispanics here instead of Blacks. But I heard that it just has a really bad problem. I grew up outside of Houston. And as far as gang violence and things I don't think it's any worse here than in Houston. Houston. Me not even knowing anything about Houston I would think that it's a pretty calm city. <SEP> Houston is not at all. There's a lot of crime? There's quite a bit of crime. We're so protected up here. It's really strange. Our red light district you could go walking around down there and pretty much not fear for your life. <SEP> And we're just so protected. But over in the Mid East especially Israel it's just like Israelis have a totalitarian system when it comes to the Palestinians. The Israelis can do anything they want. But when it comes to Palestinians if they're out in the street at night it's really looked on as odd. Usually they're bussed in to the Jewish neighborhoods and the Jewish cities. And then at night they're bussed out to the occupied territories. So they don't have that. But what do you think about the mess we've created in Iraq? <SEP> I think it's unfortunate as far as the Kurds are concerned. It. I thi-. It's just what do you do for them. You want to do something for them. But you don't want to get so directly involved that you're occupying the country. We can't get involved in their civil war unfortunately. But we've kind of driven these people out. To do it. But President Bush is telling them rebel uprise. And that's what they did. And now they're asking him for help. And he's we can't get involved. My husband had very strong feelings. He agreed with the General Schwartzkopf. He said Bush should have let him finish his job. <SEP> He should have let them corner the Republican Guards. I think the war ended too soon. That's what everyone says. <SEP> Everyone I talk to they says. It's real easy to say that. We didn't damage enough of their arsenal. We damaged most of it. But we should have made sure we got everything. I don't think the higher ups were thinking about what this guy's going to do with the rest of his war machine. They're going it's not going to hurt us. So we're just going to let them go. But really we didn't think about the people that he was going tr-. And he's just. <SEP> Unfortunately though the original goal of the mission was to drive them out of Kuwait. And once that was accomplished it. They stuck right to their goals. And. What they were going to say. And the American people when this first started they were even reluctant to let them do that. <SEP> They were playing it very safe. But it an ounce what do they say an ounce of hind sight is worth whatever. Schwartzkopf knew what had to be done. And it's too bad that he just didn't have the ability just to do it the go ahead to do it. <SEP> Because he had the fu-. He knew what was going to happen more than any of us. Because I didn't realize that. It was going to make such a mess. I feel really sorry for these people. These people are middle class people just like us. Can you imagine if someone started bombing your neighborhood. And you knew this. These people are going to come. And if you were in your house they were going to take you and beat you. Of course you're just going pick everything up that you can carry. And you're going to run. <SEP> And it's just too bad that we couldn't see that. I just have a feeling that the military involvement isn't over yet. That I still feel like there's more to come. I don't think this whole issue is settled as far as we're concerned. You know what I was hoping? I was hoping Iran was going to take a very dramatic stand and invade. And then Iran's the big bad guy. But if they were going to save people's lives. <SEP> They've got sixty or so of Iraq's planes. I know. It's like they were using them as friends when we were having the conflict. But I almost swear I'm kind of disappointed with the Iranians. Why they didn't go save. I don't know if the Kurdish. I know the Shiites are their people. But I don't know. I think they have a bond with the Kurds. <SEP> There are some Kurds living in Iran. I think they should have just done more. And maybe if the world could have given them some type of aid. It's just so complicated. I was real surprised that Israel stayed out of it as much as they did. You. Knowing them they're very. I don't know. Almost compare them to a very egotistical man. <SEP> You're damn right. I'm going to protect my family. So I was amazed too. I was really proud of them though that they stayed out of it. But. From what I can tell if they had gotten into it it would have started a whole new war. I. That part scared me. That the Egyptians would pull out. And I just saw atomic bomb.