I don't know what the the last thing I've done as far as car repairs go is change oil and filter and that kind of stuff. I haven't gotten really involved in anything extensive in car repairs in probably a year or so. I think the last thing I did of any significance was change the water pump on an Oldsmobile. I had a similar thing that I've worked on cars ever since I was a kid. And that was some time ago. But I've gotten to the point where the newer cars are getting so complicated to work on that most of the cars. I try to buy as simple a car as possible. I know what you mean. <SEP> So changing the oil changing the spark plugs. And most of them now you don't go through the ignition stuff anymore because that's all solid state or fuel injected. Or fuel injected. And so there's. So there goes the carburetor. And if the fuel injection system breaks down there's no way in the world you're going to work on that. <SEP> There's no way. Somebody once said I had a car that said fuel injection on the side of it. And a woman asked me what that meant. And I said that means that I can't work on it. Basically that's it. They've gotten so complicated or so high tech that average guys can't really go out in the garage and do a whole lot of repairs. <SEP> I've got an eighty-four Chevy van that's a one ton van with a camper conversion on it. It's got the good old three fifty standard engine in it. <SEP> Regular gas engine. And that engine I understand. I can actually work on that engine. I used to have uh Chevy van. It was a short van that had the three fifty in it. <SEP> And basically it was a motor. And you didn't have all the other junk around it. And you could get to it to work on it. <SEP> I had to change the water pump in that here about a year ago. And it was really fairly easy. Take the grill out and the radiator out. And you can just stand there and work on it. The hardest part about water pump changes is getting all the junk off before you can get too it. That's true. You're right. By the time you've finally got down to it. I was hoping I could remember where all those other things went. That's kind of the way I was. I tried to remember as I took stuff off where it went. And I don't think I had too many nuts and bolts left over when I got it all put back together. <SEP> A few years ago I had an Oldsmobile diesel. And the. It. After about a hundred thousand miles the injector pump went out on it. And I bought it when we were living in Lubbock. When I came back here I brought the car back here. And I don't know diesels got pretty unpopular. And you couldn't sell the thi-. Though for what you could get for one you might as well drive it over a cliff. And the injector pump went bad. So I found a outfit down here to rebuild it. And reinstalled that. <SEP> And that was probably one of the most miserable things I had gotten into in a long time. I don't think I'd know where to start with a diesel. I-. Diesels don't require mechanics. They require plumbers. That's true. <SEP> And. I think the closest thing I've come to a diesel is I've worked for a tractor repair shop when I was in high school. And we used to overhaul farm tractors basically. And they were nearly all diesel. But as far as cars I've never never been involved with them. <SEP> The injector nozzle and stuff in the big diesel farm tractors what are about the size of your thumb. And the-. And you can get to them. You can get to them. And the ones in the diesel cars were little tiny things and just almost impossible to do anything with. I. <SEP> I've had a lot of good service out of that car. But I finally gave it to my son. And he drove it literally into the ground. He was out at Tech. And he finished it off. I guess you're right. The diesel has almost fallen into unpopular status. I don't know exactly why. One of the reasons is. I'm beginning to wonder where do you get gas at. I su-. I don't know if it's still limited like it was. I don't notice it probably because I don-. <SEP> What. The availability? You mean the diesel availability? I don't notice. But maybe because I'm not looking for it. <SEP> I'd bought a G M C diesel pickup and loved that thing. I really liked it. But it turns out a pickup wasn't what I really needed. And it was the van that I needed then to buy the. Traded it in on the Chevy van. But sure enjoyed it. But you got the three fifty in the van? <SEP> The three fifty regular gas engine. That's what I like because they've got plenty of power. And if you treat them right they're not the gas guzzlers I think that they've got the reputation to be. I'm convinced that Detroit or whoever it is made a major mistake years ago when they stopped putting the small V eights in and went to the fours and some of the sixes. <SEP> Co-. I'm convinced that the small V eight like the Mustang's original two eighty-nine or some of the Chevy two eighty-threes were good little V eight engines that were not gas guzzlers. <SEP> But they had enough power t- pull all this weight. And the four cylinders just don't have it. <SEP> I think the little Chevy V eight when it started out in fifty-five was two sixty-five something like that. Not whole lot more than the six cylinder that I think was about two thirty-five or so. But they kept boring that block out to where you could get a small block four hundred that was the same block just kept boring it out and boring it out and stroking it a little bit more an. I think those little V eights could have been made to be pretty powerful little engines if they would have gone with it. But. <SEP> That was a short stroke engine it could really wind up. The two little cars I've got now. Bought a Mitsubishi Mirage here a couple of years ago. And it was normally carbureted. And it's fairly easy to work with because there's not just a whole lot in it to go wrong and changing the plugs and stuff. That's kind of like. <SEP> My first car was a fifty-six Mustang. And over the years all. I had a Dodge pickup several years ago. And I can't remember the size of the engine. It was a three oh seven or something like that. But I remember working on those cars. You'd open the hood. And there was basically nothing in there but an engine and a few things. <SEP> Now you open the hood and it's scary. Like you say it takes a plumber to figure out where all this stuff goes. <SEP> The friend of ours over here he's got sixty-five or sixty-six Mustang the six cylinder. And I was look under the hood of that the other day. And like you say you can see the road. <SEP> It's amazing. If you had to you could climb up in there and do what you needed to. You could stand in there if you really wanted to I guess. My dad's got a new. I guess it's an eighty-nine or ninety Chrysler something or other. It's one of those transverse mounted V sixes front wheel drive. <SEP> And he was showing it to me. And we're looking under the hood and everything's nice and clean. And you can see the three spark plugs there in the front. And I said where are the other three. And he'd never really thought about it. <SEP> And he says hopefully I won't have to change them before I trade it off. It's going to be a problem getting back there because it was shoved right up against the fire wall. So they just about complicated the things so much that shade tree mechanics can't do much with them. <SEP> When they. Started with the newer engines. When they started putting all that pollution control stuff on the older engines is where they started getting into so much trouble. Because the three fifty with all the. Actually her-. Within a couple of years ago anyway was the last I've paid any attention to it. The three oh five was that V eight that they put in the three quarter and half ton van. And it had all the air pump and all that stuff. <SEP> The anti-smog pumps. And all the anti-smog stuff. And that was really a mess back under there in that van. And all that stuff loads the motor down. <SEP> So it's trying to push the weight plus have all this drain on it from all sorts of belts and things. But that's one good thing. I've got a eight ninety Chevy Blazer now. And it's got one belt on it a serpentine belt. It's that one that's about an inch and a half wide. <SEP> Got a bunch of groves in it. I haven't had to replace the thing yet. It looks like it would be better than having. I've got an Olds Toronado that I think's got six belts on the sucker. And I had to get all those off when I was replace that water pump. <SEP> And I had to struggle with that for a while to figure which belt goes where. It's kind of like the inside dual on a truck. When one of them breaks it's not the outside one. <SEP> It's usually that power steering be-. Or something that's way back in there. You bet. Everything else's got to come off first. Everything's got to come off. It's a pleasure meeting you. <SEP> And we'll. How many times have you done this? Is this. I've got five stickers here from T I. So I guess I've done probably seven or eight of them. I hadn't gotten any calls here in the last. This is the first one in a week or so. I haven't gotten any calls in two weeks. So I don't know if it's tapering off or what. <SEP> If it's winding down or what. I had a difficult time the past couple of times of getting answers. Finding a taker. So it sounds. It's taken them ten fifteen minutes at a time. So people are either not. No-. Maybe they're burnt out or. <SEP> Let you go. Thanks for talking.