One year public service for everybody. That was it? Who wants to start this one? Em-. I don't know. I've been sitting here thinking. Because it took a couple tries before I found somebody. I'm not really sure what I think about this. The first thing is if it's going to be mandatory it's got to be mandatory. Everybody not just poor people and all that. But senators' sons and all that stuff too. <SEP> Everybody's got to do it. I don't know. It'd probably be good. I just don't know if I was eighteen or whatever I'd want to be stuck doing it for a year or whatever. I'm not sure I want an eighteen year old to make that kind of decision. That doesn't sound right. I guess I see overall beneficial if we're going from that point of view. <SEP> In the past. I don't know I don't know how old you are. But when I was in high school it was the beginning of Vietnam and so forth. And many of my peers were being drafted. And I could see that many of them had conscientious objections to war or whatever. But I felt strongly then that even if they didn't feel like they could kill someone or go into a military situation that they could help the country in other ways. Be it cleaning out lots in their neighborhood or whatever kind of community or public service might be available. <SEP> And I guess I see that as not so much a demand but a privilege. It's something. It is. It's. Since we live here and we all benefit rich poor or in between there are benefits even for those who have it the hardest. I just see that as maybe a good idea. I wouldn't mind doing it at forty-four. <SEP> And I find ways to turn some of that back to others. And I guess I can't see that as being something to really object to. I guess it would still depend on how. If you're talking about something that's like one year full time this is what you do. You're going to go and fill pot holes and all that stuff. I don't know. I could see a gamut of different kinds of opportunities. Things that need to be done that could be done in an hour or two a day or several hours of the week. Like a half of a day on Saturday or something like that. In addition to what one does besides that. <SEP>. <SEP> I can't imagine what kind of bureaucracies we'd get into and expense having it be full time. You're going to go to this camp. And you're going to. Back in the Depression the C C C the construction corps that went out and did things. That was great. It was needed. It gave some folks some jobs. And we got some great public works out of it. But I don't see that as being necessary now. I can see it being done on a regular schedule. <SEP> Everybody has to put in so many hours of public service in a given time perhaps. I guess I see all of us benefiting. And I don't see it just relegated to the young. But I see so much going on that's bad. And this would give them a chance to have some positive self-esteem. <SEP> Something that they turn back. And also you feel more like you're actually part of the community if you've done something in it. <SEP> That's right. You take pride in that and get some positive feedback from those who benefit besides yourself. <SEP> And I see it being most beneficial if it's in at least the area where the person lives. Definitely. It might not be the same neighborhood but the same city or county because then you're coming in contact with it. It's not as meaningful for me to go to Minnesota and do something up there that I'll never be able to see again unless I happen to go on vacation up there. <SEP> It almost needs to be something that has more impact for the individual on going. <SEP> But as far as putting that into work I don't want to deal with the heartache of first of all getting it started and figuring out how to do the logistics of it. That would be a nightmare. And just getting it going. <SEP>. I see a lot of things like scouting Boys Clubs Girls Clubs things like that that kind of get into that citizenship the looking after the environment sort of thing. <SEP> And I guess I don't see this being that different. But even more beneficial because it would be something that everybody participated in and would take a turn in. <SEP>. Do you have kids? Not yet. In about six months we will. <SEP> Good. You'll have a little time think about that. I guess I have. When I was teaching school I saw so many kids that were at loose ends and that didn't really have a purpose. And I can see some really significant things coming out of it. I know you've got to get past that grudge attitude that many have. But that would be a part of selling it to the community. <SEP> The adults ahead of it would probably never serve and to each succeeding generation. There definitely would have to be a major P R campaign in each community each county parish or however the state was divided up. I may. I don't know. Around here we have a number of community projects that folks just volunteer for. Boy Scout troops or church groups or civic clubs will police a couple of miles of the highway and kee-. And I've seen it in other states too. They have that here. <SEP> I don't know. They've got in most of the states around here. Down in North Carolina there was a big controversy for a while because the local chapter of the K K K wanted to participate in it. <SEP> And there was a. <SEP> And there were those that said. You can't do that I'm sure. It was interesting because that's an interesting question. Should these people be allowed to or not? I think they finally decided not to because they figured that stretch of highway was going to get trashed. <SEP> And I hadn't even thought about the other end of that. That's an interesting situation. I hadn't thought of that. We had visited relatives in Virginia not too long ago. And I thought I had seen when we were traveling around the state some similar signs up that indicated that certain sections were being policed and cleaned up. And. I think Virginia's got it. And I know Maryland does. And we went to Indianapolis last weekend and back. And I'm pretty sure I saw stuff in Ohio and Indiana about it and maybe Pennsylvania. I don't remember for sure now. And I don't know about your part of the country. But down here in the last year plus There's just been more of a turn toward environmental concerns. <SEP> And I work for Texas Instruments. And they've started some recycling campaigns that a year before that had been turned down because they said it's not feasible. <SEP> It's not a good idea. And I see that as being a change for the positive. Kind of along the same line as the mandatory thing. But then they lost too much business. <SEP> It's just thing a part of everyone's consciousness. The thing about that is though it's got a. Because it was big in the early seventies and all that. And then it kind of just went out of vogue. And I'm worried that the same thing will happen. It's like environmentalism was really big for a couple of years. And then people. I'd rather spend fifty cents less on such and such. And even if it's not environmentally safe who cares. I'm sure the pendulum will swing the other way. There have been too many other things that it's done that for just in my life. And if you look at history at all you see that we go from one side to the other on just about any subject that one might care to bring up. <SEP> But it is comforting to me to see more concern about some of these things that cost us money. Especially when we have dwindling resources such as oil that's burning out of control in the Persian Gulf and so forth. Just every little bit does. It makes me feel better. It makes me feel like there may be something left for my children my nieces and nephews and so forth. Wouldn't. It's just probably a good thing that the oil's burning and may make some people realize that this stuff runs out. That's right because. Of course that's probably blasphemy for you to say coming from where you are in Texas. <SEP> Because if we. What was it when we had the last oil crisis? And we started getting smart. And we were looking all these alternative sources of the energy and so forth. And as soon as the oil prices came back down the pendulum swang the other way. <SEP> And we need those reminders. Or we'll suddenly be in the dark and say now we don't have the ability to go on to some new technology. My dad's in the solar energy business. So we're acutely aware of a lot of this. <SEP> But on the other hand he voted for George Bush. So I wonder sometimes if he knows what he's doing. I thi-. Just about anybody you could name whether I voted for them or not makes decisions that I just can't go along with. <SEP> But that's why they're there and not me. I don't want the stress. The thing with Bush.