So this is an appropriate topic the day after Earth Day. So. What do you think is the main pollutants in the air? <SEP> I have trouble with the chemical plants and things like that I think they put off so much. And they're not regulated enough. That's me too. After. On channel thirteen they had some programs the day before. And I'm not sure that about yesterday we didn't really watch it too much yesterday. But the day before they had a lot of programs about the environment and how we're affecting the Earth and things by what we do as the people. And they mentioned sulfur and carbon dioxide a lot. <SEP> And that actually as our population increases and our number of cars increase per the population that's the problem. But also like you said the industry pollution. And their regulation that's placed on them it's better than it used to be. But it's incredible that they're not made to regulate the amount of pollutants that they put into the air. I just. I can't stand that. And I know for a fact that they get away with a lot that. They're supposed to be regulated because we have a Pillsbury plant in a town adjacent to ours. <SEP> And I know people that work there that. Of course you wouldn't think Pillsbury would put out certain chemicals. But they put out toxic chemicals there just in some of what they do to make their dough and to clean out the flour and stuff like that. <SEP>. It's incredible. And they said that they have a little creek that runs by them. And some of the people that work there have told me that when they have inspectors coming they shut down everything. And they clean up their act but on a normal basis that they're dumping things that they're not supposed to be dumping. <SEP> And I'm if they're getting away with it can you imagine. That's a Pillsbury plant. I can't imagine plants. <SEP> I wouldn't have thought that Pillsbury even had chem-. Those chemicals would not. They have chemicals that they use to refine their flours with and stuff to break the flours down. And then they also do testing there. And I don't. When you consider it's probably not radioactive. But toxic can be anything that's classified that can damage the Earth. <SEP> So there could be a lot of things that they could put chemical wise that they use to that they are testing with that they're dumping. In packaging. <SEP> And just. I don't think they do the packaging at this plant. But they do a lot of research. And they do a lot of the refining up there. Or. <SEP> I'm not really. What's it called when you do flour. I'm not. Only thing I can think is bleaching. But I don't know how they do the flour. <SEP> But we're on the southwest side of Houston. We don't have that much as far as aiming in the plants over on this the east side does. <SEP> We've got Imperial sugar. And they're right there on the creek also. And they've been there for years. And. But. You think about it. It's probably a lot easier to detect things that go into the ground than it is maybe to just. I'm not really sure. But I would think it would be easier to detect those things because you could detect them down stream or such. <SEP> Or you can do testing on the ground itself at that point. But when they pollute into the air and you've got movement through the air it's going to move a lot of that off. So I don't see how they can do some of the te-. Unless it just hangs there in places where it's a lot of pollution in Los Angeles or the bigger cities where it tends to get stuck there. <SEP> You know that you have a lot more particles in the air per particles in the surrounding community because it's not moved away. <SEP> But. I know that. I worry every now and then. We're still on a well water. We're not on city water. <SEP> And I think what if somebody's dumped something back there in the and no one knows about it and it sinked in through the ground and all that. I know out in some. I'm not sure. I can't remember the name of the county. It's where Stillwater is or sweet. I'm not sure. I know it. I think it's. I know we have a piece property there. It's called Dublin. <SEP> It's in Dublin Texas. I'm not really sure what the county. It's Stephen. Stephenville. Where Stephenville's at they've had a lot of problems because they've introduced a lot of dairies there. <SEP>. So they have a lot of cattle in the area. They've got per lot. They've got a lot of head of cattle because dairies they don't th-. It's not like it was a big ranch where they let the cow roam around free. <SEP> They've got to have them there to be able to milk them. And they. And I read in this article where one cow a day produces a hundred or so pounds of manure. One cow. I was my God. And they. And this thing says that people think cow manure is good for fertilizer. But when you get that much manure it says it becomes a real problem because it's not. When you buy cow manure at the store they've added stuff to it. And they've added humus and stuff that breaks it down. <SEP> And this article said that they've got a real problem that you've got toxins and bacteria in the manure that is. What it's doing is it's going through. They don't have a very deep o-. Their natural water. I forget what that's called with. It's like a spring water. <SEP> But it's below the surface. It's not very far down. And all this stuff is seeping through to the water. <SEP> And they're afraid that within a certain amount of years that their water in that town will be totally polluted. It will. And they won't be able to have any drinking water because they will have completely polluted so that there's too many toxins and bacterial growth. <SEP> And the gr-. And I'm my God just from them introducing dairy farms in that one county. <SEP> And the ground will filter some of it but not all of it. Not when you figure. I didn't realize one cow produces that much manure. And they were talking thousands cows in one little tiny area. <SEP> These are well fed. These are. You. <SEP> These are well fed cows. They are evidently. But evidently a normal cow produces that much too. But they're just so spread out on ranches and stuff that it's not a problem. <SEP> But when they get them in these tiny little areas they've got a real big problem. And they said that what they were doing was scraping it with bulldozers and stuff and taking it to these ponds that they had to filter it with. But the ponds because they've had so much rain in the past few years they just overflow. <SEP> And they overflow into the creeks and stuff in the area. So that just creates. There's. And it was just disgusting. It said the creeks will foam. People stand outside their houses and watch the creeks foam brown and all. <SEP> That's bad. And I'm just. And the smell is really bad they sa-. I was going to say the air pollution alone there just from a hundred pounds of cow manure was going to be bad. But I don't know. It really frightens me though as far as thinking of just air pollution itself. And channel thirteen they're really emphasizing the problem with acid rain. <SEP> If we keep putting that stuff into the air and if we keep creating the problem and not doing anything about it it's really going to be a problem for the Earth what the Earth is receiving back because how can you tell where it's going to come down at. <SEP> And then cutting the trees that bothers me. As far as the. The rain forest and all. <SEP> We've been wanting to. Not me. But it's been suggested that we cut a few of the trees down here. I'm no. For what's cut down here more will be cut down someplace else. And it will just take that longer to grow back. And trees help so that. I don't. They do because carbon dioxide they use that where we can't synthesize it. <SEP> And they're synthesizing it for us. Believe me it's just so much better. <SEP> So. I knew. I think there's lots that could be done to improve how things are done now. I think we just have to. I don't know personally. I suppose if you just make sure your car is working properly. And yo-. They're suppos-. Nowadays they have the emission controls on them. But I think the main thing is just keep on your legislator's back as far as. Seems like they've only just really started as far as the environment saying we're really going to get involved. <SEP> It's really becoming a problem. By the year two thousand there will. What are we going to have. What kind of results are we going to have for the environment. And what will we.