What do you think about it? The roles have definitely changed in the last generation or so. <SEP> I think a lot of it has to do with women working. I do too. I think it's going to. In the future I think all women are going to work. They may let you off for a day or two to have your baby. But that will be it. <SEP> Or either they'll have a computer at home and in the hospital where you just continue right on with your work. It really is coming to that because most women now days can not afford the time that they could take off unless the company pays them. <SEP> They can't even afford to take off to have children it seems like. And it seems if you're going to have kids that society has decided for you how many you can really have and make it. <SEP> Because if you have two if you go to work you're just working to pay for day care two or three. I was real lucky because my husband had a good enough job where when I had them and when they were small until my youngest got in junior high I didn't have to work. <SEP> That is good. I didn't work. I needed to. But I didn't. <SEP> Steve has a sister who has four. She just had her fourth one in March. And she doesn't have to work either. I don't know how they do it. I don't know how people do it with one. Obviousl-. Let me tell you you go without a lot of things that you wo-. Obviously we don't have any. And I think that's part of the role reversal is it's okay to get married and not have kids. <SEP> And I think society for such a long time said you're married now you need to have your family. And I don't think it's been until recently that they had decided that two people was a family. And. It's getting where if you're going to give your kids any kind of education and stuff you can't hardly afford to have over two. <SEP> And it's hard with two. We. My youngest one. I have two. I have a son and a daughter. And my youngest one is going to be graduating from college soon. And if I had a third one I just don't know where it would come from. <SEP> Yea-. Because I work now. I work full time. And it. When you put them through college it just takes just about everything you got. <SEP> They get loans and grants and scholarships and stuff like that. That helps out. But still it cost a lot. Just the cost of living and loans don't pay for groceries and stuff. And cars and all their books. And the books are outrageous. Absolutely outrageous. <SEP> I know. I know. And they're getting worse. My daughter brought home a book the other day that she was going to have to have for one of her next classes. And it was ninety-six dollars. And this book is a little bitty skinny book. <SEP> I said is it lined in gold. But it's getting worse. And if I'd of probably had three or four children I don't see how we could have made it without me working. <SEP> But that's probably because if you had three you would say if I'd of had four. I guess it's always not being able to picture one more. But in essence you probably would have worked out fine. But I think I would have had to work. If I'd of had that many I'd of had to work in order for my kids to. Even though he brings in a real good living and everything in order for me to keep up I would have had to work. <SEP> But I think it's getting more and more like when you have one child that's it. Then you go to work. And you work. <SEP> Because if you have two or three kids by the way the inflation's going I think a woman's always going to have to work. And it's just going to be an accepted thing. There isn't going to be any of this very few people will ever stay home. And that's all right with me because I don't want to stay home. <SEP> I think I'm just part of the new stuff that is just. I think I would just go nuts sitting at home all day long. I can't imagine how I did because now I work all the time. And I work all week. And I can't imagine how I stayed home. <SEP> I think to myself what did I do. And I think it revolutionized where a woman thinks that a way just like. My daughter there's no way that she can imagine herself married at the age that she's at now. To her everything is you've got to go through college you've got to get a job. And then when everything's set up then you look for somebody that you want to spend the rest of your life with. But. It is so far down the road. When I graduated high school the thing. <SEP> That's what you did. And then you got married. And then you had a family. That's just the way it was. <SEP> And that's like when my mo-. I know when my mother's age it was always the kids and the family and everything had to come first. And the woman stayed home and took care of them. An. I like the way it is. <SEP> It's being. We're from Houston and so it's not so hard for people. You've been married three or so years. And you don't have kids it's okay nobody does. But you come to a place like Belton. And th-. A lot of the kids here get married out of high school. It's real small town. And i-. And a lot of people in our su-. We're the only couple in our Sunday School class except for one other couple who are in their forties. Who don't have children. And they can't imagine why we would want to have children. And I'm going there's life in there that's. <SEP> Not everybody has to have kids. And I'd rather spend the time with my husband than spending time. It's your turn. But you know that now even. Whenever I was coming up and everything. And we got married right out of high school a year after I got out of high school. And I didn't have kids for four and a half years. But that was because I wanted to work. And I wasn't ready for kids. <SEP> I think that's what it is. I'm not either. And everybody thought what is the matter with her. They're probably going I bet she can't get pregnant. They thought that it was terrible. And then when I'd tell them I'm just not ready for children yet. But that you better just get ready now. <SEP> You don't just get ready. But I was kind of odd because as a general rule the people that married during my time they had kids within a year. And I just was not ready for kids. I wanted to get out and work a little bit. And I wanted to travel and stuff like that which we did. And kids didn't fit in right then. But it's getting more and more like that where there's more and more couples. And really if you don't want the kids then it's not the time to have. I don't care what anybody tells you. <SEP> And I think that more and more the attitude's getting that a way. Because that's like my daughter. She says that maybe when she's thirty she might want a child then. And even though I'd like to have grandchildren I can see her point. <SEP> Steve's mom finally said that God will take care of us when it's our time. She finally told me it's okay if you don't. But it took every nerve in her body to say that because she's from a very very old fashioned family. <SEP> And she stayed home and raised her kids. And she expected all of her kids to do that too. And their wives to be the housewife and have dinner ready by five and be there at every beck and call. And I was raised totally opposite. How we got together I don't know. Because my mother had six girls. And she worked too. And I guess I just. And I saw how life was when she stayed home. And it was rough. It was hard. And. And it really is. I know. Just like now there's so much more now. All my income goes for things like luxuries. It really does. Accept for what we give to my daughter to put her through college and stuff. <SEP> But the rest of it. We just buy things like boats. Or we go on trips or just the more or less like entertainment stuff. But. <SEP> I think you've earned that though. I feel like I have because we're just a age now. I'm not old. But I'm older. And I got to stay home with my kids which I really wanted to do. But now I could not go back and do it. <SEP> I really couldn't I don't think I could stay home all the time and do nothing. And I did stuff. But to me it feels like I must have done nothing. And I think it's just the new way that people are thinking. <SEP> I think so. But. I think it would be neat if they could incorporate into small and large businesses both a built in day cares where the children were there in the facility but not necessarily right there with you. More and more of them are. I don't know if it is up there where you are. But where I am just all the hospitals they're getting day care. <SEP> Are they? But the reason they had to do this was because so many women could not afford. Like you said if you had four kids or even if you had two kids you would be paying all your salary to pay for those two kids to go. <SEP> More and more of our hospitals especially over here are getting them. And then some of the bigger companies. But it's mainly the hospitals. I don't know if the T I in Dallas does or not. I know nobody around here does it. It's too small around here. <SEP>