I don't know what you think about the subject. I had never really thought of what they said before about allowing the sentencing to go to the judge instead of the jury and allowing him to do that. I've been kind of sitting here thinking about that a little bit while I was waiting for them to phone somebody. And I don't know that that's not a good idea. That's not a bad idea. I. That. They probably need to change it somehow. The whole system needs changing. We've just got too many people in there and are putting too many people in jail that probably don't need to be there. I agree. <SEP> And it's another form of sentencing. But on that one thing I still think it should be a unanimous decision. I agree. <SEP> I think we're getting to the point now where they're going to eventually let it be majority vote. And that's not going to be good. I don't like that. I don't like that at all. I know my husband served on a jury a few months ago up here in Denton. But it was a drug conviction. And I don't remember. He had some cocaine and was accused of selling it. And I don't remember exactly how much he had. But actually not selling it. There's a difference. Couriering it is what. Ther- is supposedly a difference from selling then being a courier. And he was a courier. <SEP> And he sat on that jury. And they found him guilty. And they went through the sentencing phase and everything. And they were told during the trial that this is this guy's first offense. And he's got this clean record. And they ended up. The jury decided it's time to crackdown here. And it was time to do this drug thing. And let's crackdown. And let's really. And they sentenced him to fifteen years which they thought that that was a good thing. And they sentencing him to fifteen years. And after it was all over they sit down with the judge and with the other two lawyers. And they were told that he would probably serve three of the fifteen and that he had three previous convictions. <SEP>. However they could not tell the jury that during the trial because all three of them were in appeal. <SEP> So the jury didn't know about it. So here they based their sentencing thinking that this was this guy's first offense. So we'll give him fifteen which will teach him a lesson. But it's just horrible since it was first offense. <SEP> And he'd been convicted three times before. And the jury was very upset. And my husband came home very upset. He felt that they had been tricked. <SEP> So something. I wonder if a judge didn't have control of that if some of that would change. The judge might know. Or at least it wouldn't hurt to switch over there and see if it worked any better. If it didn't we can come back for something else. Or. That's true. That's very true. <SEP> Or what we've got. So. We definitely need a change in the system. And. Obviously what we are doing is not working. <SEP> It's not working too. It's just piling up on us. And there's people in our prisons that are not being rehabilitated in any way shape or form. <SEP> And either they're in there forever or when they get out it's a matter of a few months. And they're going to be right back for the same thing. So the system. <SEP> We're just a society not willing to spend the time or the money to do what it takes. So. That's very true. I was talking to a friend of mine about this the other day. And I said I understand that there are a lot of countries that rely on the United States to. And the people in those countries rely on our money to survive. <SEP> But I really believe that we need to take care of ourselves. We. And the-. I know people say it would be cruel to pull our aid from these other countries. And maybe so. So tell them you've got five years. To work out a plan to make it on your own. <SEP>. And we will continue funding you for the next two years. After two years we'll cut it down seventy-five percent. <SEP> And after another year we'll cut it fifty percent. And in five years it sh-. By then you all should have a plan worked where you can make it on your own without our help. And then we will have the money if we would do that to work on your own system because we've got some serious problems here. <SEP> And we're trying to heal the world. Very serious. It's just not working. <SEP> You're right. I look at the aid presented to the Kurds. And I feel sorry for them. And I know they're suffering. And I know they're dying everyday. But we've got kids here in the United States that are dying everyday too. And being abused and neglected. <SEP>. And I don't know. I just have this problem with trying to heal the world when you're so sick yourself. <SEP> You bet. So. We seem to agree on the jury thing. But we'll need an unanimous verdict. And maybe let the judge have a opportunity to make a decision. <SEP> I think we should try it like you say. If it doesn't work we can always come back. But I think it would be a good idea to try it. <SEP> I do too. So anyway we all agree. Good. <SEP> Good to hear from you. You too.