You. Do you have any pets? We got two cats. <SEP> Two cats. And. My family had cats when we were growing up the whole time until my Mom developed an allergies. So I'm used to having cats around. I like them. <SEP> I like having pets around in general. I favor dogs over cats actually. But. I'm not a dog person at all. I'm a dog person. I had. I guess it depends on what you had when he were a kid? Probably. I was allergic to dogs when I was a kid in fact. <SEP> I may still be. We. But not cats. That. I wonder sometimes. <SEP> But we house sat for my wife's boss a couple weeks ago. And he has a dog and everything. We were sitting the dog and everything. And I felt just miserable all weekend. And it really didn't dawn on me until Sunday. It was maybe you're still allergic to the dog. It was that could be it. The thing I don't like about dogs sometimes is that the house will just reek of the dogs and constantly. <SEP> Dogs are real high maintenances. You got to take them for walks. And you've got to pay a lot. You need to pay attention to cats and everything. But it's not quite the same thing. That's true. And it's just nice that cats you don't have to let them outside. All cats are indoor cats. <SEP> So you're not worried about them running all-around the neighborhood. And they make their mess in the cat pan which is. Limited. It's a pain to clean. But we used to. They got great stuff out now for cleaning cats' pans. They didn't. <SEP> When I was growing up I had a clean the cat pan all the time. And I hated it because I had to carry everything upstairs and use this thing to take the stuff out and put it in the toilet and everything. It was really terrible. But now you get these liners that is garbage bags. And you the. <SEP> That sounds so easy what I did. The cats do it in there. You pull it and take it out and throw it away. And that's it. I housesat from cats for a friend of mine which she was finishing up her thesis. <SEP> And what we used to do was just put newspaper on the bottom and then put cat litter. And then I would just take the whole thing to the garbage can and dump the whole thing. Same idea. Then I would do it everyday or two days so I would clean that pan very very rarely. Everyday? <SEP> And so it wasn't so bad. I see. Two cats and just as easy. It just never started smelling. I would put just a little bit of cat litter in there because if I put a lot one of the cats would have been. <SEP> All of her animals that she ever had were adopted. I that true. She's got one dog now and the two cats. And her dog there is basically a reject. Somebody had bought him and wanted him. <SEP> It was her ex boyfriend and just was not mature enough to keep the dog didn't realize how much work it was. And she's stuck with it. And she's just so kindhearted that she just takes all the animals. But I think that for me my husband just has completely nixed the idea of having a dog or a cat. <SEP> Because that's all there is to it. So you know. So you don't have anything right now? We don't have anything right now. Except the kid. That's. <SEP> Now we have a kid. But he was completely against having a dog or cat. He said they're as much work as a kid. And they're harder to get rid of for the weekend. And. I don't know because the cats pretty much. We can leave them for a weekend as long as we put plenty of food out. And it's not a big deal really. They're happier when we're around. But they're pretty much okay by themselves. And we couldn't do that with a dog. <SEP> That's really true. But other friends of mine have cats. They have four of them. And if they go away they hire a pet sitter to come in twice a day and pet them and things like that. And their cats they're so used to the attention that if they don't get it they get really upset. That's pampering the petals. And they sort of cause trouble around the house and things like that. <SEP> I figured something having. So I tried to have a goldfish. And I killed that one within a very short amount of time. But they're not that much fun. You can't take them for a walk. You can't. They can't fetch. <SEP> They can't do anything. So I've never. I think we had fish when I was a kid. But I don't. My brother had fish when I was a kid. I remember that. And one of his fish jumped out of the fish tank. And fried itself on the radiator behind the dresser. I'll never forget that. Because I remember my brother he came home and he counted the fish. <SEP> And one of the fish was missing. And they couldn't find it anyplace. They couldn't figure out what had happened. And then they found it fried on the radiator behind. It was not gross. I didn't see it. But got them. <SEP> Trying to remember we had a dog for a while. And I don't know if we got rid of the dog. Because my brother was allergic to it. My brother had asthma and some allergies which I think he's outgrown now. But because of that we didn't have very many pets afterwards. And then he had fish. <SEP> And you. Like you say they're not the most exciting pet to have. It's like. I don't know. I just never understood what the attraction. They're pretty and everything. But I've just never seen the attraction of having fish. It's not as much fun. A friend of mine had an eel. An eel? <SEP> And then he had a. I forget what type of fish it was. It was one of these fish that it ate a big other fish and things like that. There would be sort of moby fish in a tank. Now we really get sick. And it. I couldn't see having fish like that. <SEP> I could see having maybe some of the tropical fish that are really really pretty. But. I remember a friend of mine at work telling me that at his frat in college that they had a tank of piranha and used to drop mice in. These aren't cats. <SEP> This is gross. That would be. What did they do everyone come around and watch them. <SEP> I guess that's fine if you have a mouse problem at your frat house and your things destroyed the mice. But. A cat will do the same trick. <SEP> Let's see. I had a pet rat for a while. And it was a live rat. And this woman just offered it to me while I was in graduate school. And she was actually a very fun pet. I had a friend in college who had a pet rat for a while. <SEP> I forget how she got it. But it was the same kind of a deal. I think she got it. I think she was a psych major. And she got it from the psych department. <SEP> Mine had been a. How did this work. A mill rat had been bought. And the people in the lab one day called in my friend and said this rat is acting really strange I think he's sick. And she said I don't think he's sick I think she's pregnant. And they had misclassed the sex of back there. And so she asked me if I want one of those babies. And I took the baby. And I got her when she was just this tiniest little thing like half the price of a mouse. <SEP> And then she grew to be. I had pictures of her when she would sit on my hand. And then she grew to be pretty big a pound or something. I don't know how much. And I had her for over two years. And she was very affectionate. She would crawl on me. And she would sit on my neck or my shoulder while I was working and things like that. Much more than you would think. <SEP> If you get them young and everything before they go kind of nuts. So. And. Rats are not my favorite animals in the world. But I could see getting one from birth and everything. <SEP> Sort of weird for me to have had one too. But there. It was a convenient little pet to have because it stayed in its cage. And it was. Easy to take care of. But. I have friends with hamsters and gerbils. And they tell me the same thing. <SEP> I just. Again it gets into vivant much fun what I guess they can be. I. Actually it was more fun than you would think. Starting from the beginning. But. We also live in the city now actually in Manhattan. <SEP> And so it's almost impossible to. It's not fair to a pet to have a pet here or certainly not a dog. People do. People. <SEP> But it's not. I don't. Plus the pooper scooper one New York. So. You see all these stately people and well dressed people out walking their dogs with their plastic bag or their piece of paper for them. It's really kind of funny. I was living in northern Jersey when that law came through remember hearing all about it. <SEP> We were wondering if they had any special law for the horses in Central Park. They don't. I should make you. Of course not. <SEP> They have the bags behind them. But I think they're actually supposed to keep them clean. Hit the bags. But I can't even walk by Central Park when summertime. Just the smell is so bad of the horses. I Haven't been up there. <SEP> Last time I was there was fall so probably wasn't that bad. It's not that long ago. It was twelve times of the year. Not this past fall. But fall a few years. <SEP> It was almost October of eighty-five. I think was the last time I was up there and at Center Park. <SEP> I had a friend who went to Colombia. And I used to go up and visit her. So. <SEP> That's not too far from were we live. You said you had two cats. Are they breed cats or anything. Or are they just. They're just mutts. My wife got them from uh friend of hers at work and everything as kittens. <SEP> And this was before we even met. She's had them for a couple years. And they're really cute. They're sisters. One of them is a lot bigger than the other one. And she pushes the other one away from the food. Apparently I don't know all the details. But they were born around Christmas because one of them is named Tinsel. And the other one is named Holly. <SEP> The scr-. They're both females? Both females they're both spayed or neutered. <SEP>. And they're both declawed at least on the front claws. <SEP>