Do you think. I wonder. The assumption is that it is a problem. And I've never actually had too many people explain to me why it's a problem though I have the same instinctual feeling that it's a problem. But it's not clear to me that it is. It's a problem if those voting don't represent the population demographically or in terms of their opinions. But if those who don't vote if you made them vote. And it those who don't vote would have voted exactly the same way in other words if forty percent had voted for that person and sixty percent for the other just like everyone who did vote it's not clear to me that it is really a problem. <SEP> That's interesting. Because I had thought. I feel that it's a problem also. But I see your point on that. I assume that those who don't vote. If you look at the break down of those who don't vote they tend to be. Poor blacks for example vote very little and things like that. And I assume that they would vote differently if they were voting than your average voter. But I don't know if that's the case. In fact I've heard of studies that suggest that that isn't. <SEP> Apparently they don't think it's a problem. I guess not. I vote religiously. I really do. I guess I'm a fan of democracy. And wish I could vote on more things frankly. That's right. But it's funny because here in California things are getting increasingly democratically oriented in the sense of people being able to vote for things. We have these state initiatives now. <SEP> The first really popular wide spread one was Proposition Thirteen which was a tax revolt against property taxes. I r-. And now we're. And that was whatever ten years ago. And now we're up to Proposition a Hundred and fifty or something like that. We've just. There were apparently voters who just threw up their hands after the last voters pamphlet because they were being asked to make decisions on topics that would have three different competing proposals. And you had to vote for yes or no on each of them. And no one could make heads or tails out of some of them. And it was incredibly complicated and difficult. And a lot of people revolted against that. They said we don't want to have to decide all these things. <SEP> That's why we hire people to make these decisions for us. I kind of feel the opposite though. <SEP> I wish we were given an opportunity to vote on more things. I do t-. I think our elected officials say they are speaking for us. But they're not speaking for me. I wouldn't mind having more votes than I get to have frankly. <SEP> That's true. Anyone who doesn't vote it's fine with me as long as I can have their vote. That would make me happy though. Maybe not in a deep philosophical sense but in a selfish sense it probably would. I don't know. It's interesting some countries voting is obligatory. <SEP> It is in Australia for example. Is that true? <SEP> I didn't know that. I was think-. That is one solution to it. I don't know how I feel about that. But I don't. That's not really democratic. Not what I'd consider truly democratic. Australia considers itself every bit as much a democracy as the United States. <SEP> As. And it's not for me to say that they're not. They feel. Here you have the right to vote. And they simply define it as a duty there. Just as we have a duty to pay taxes. Is that democratic? We don't have the right to pay taxes in this country. We have the duty to pay taxes. <SEP> It's a duty. And in that country it's a duty to pay taxes. And it's a duty to vote on how those taxes are spent. And it's not clear to me that that's so much less democratic. I don't know. But part of me rebels against that. <SEP> It's complex question when you start thinking about it isn't it. But then I'm an American. And some people don't vote. There is. Like three or four percent of Australians don't vote. And I think they're eligible for a fine. I don't know if they actually are fined or what happens. But you're eligible for some sort of fine if you don't vote. <SEP> That's interesting. I have people here that I know that have never registered to vote. And I think they feel they can criticize if they don't. I was sort of s-. <SEP> I told them if they don't vote they don't have the right to criticize. I. That's how I feel. If you vote and your guy looses you least tried. And you can say something. But if you don't vote part of me feels like if you didn't vote you get what's coming to you. That's right. I feel th-. And certainly that's true in the overall. No one individual that's true for but for the population as a whole. I sort of feel that way. Especially when they don't vote for someone because they don't like any of them and then the person gets in and they don't like him and he turns out to have been worse than her that they might have voted for or something like that. And I say voting for the lesser of two evils is still important. <SEP> I think it is too. Sometimes it is a difficult choice. You don't feel as though you have much of a choice. But. It's funny because technically you do. You have the right to do a write in candidate. But of course that's not really a vote. It doesn't really gain anything. It really doesn't. And so it's a complicated situation. But I would like to see. I don't know. I'm thinking of actually moving to Australia. And perhaps I'll call you back and let you know how the Australian system works. <SEP> Is that goin-. I'm not thinking of moving there because of the voting but just because of a job opportunity. <SEP> Not be-. I see. And I. <SEP> Are you a T I employee I'm interested. I'm not. Not. I just wondered. So I'm really quite curious how that would work to have both. And I believe in a certain. Soviet bloc countries you are obliged to vote too. In fact it was even pretty much spelled out who you did vote for up until fairly recently. And that's what I think of when I think of you're obliged to vote. But when you actually really are given as much choice as you are in this country with its two party system. I don't know. I kind of. Part of me is wary. And part of me likes the idea of having it be more of a duty. <SEP> Maybe they should. Perhaps that would be a solution if they were required to vote at least for their first three or four years after they become of voting age. Required to register and vote for four years. And perhaps they would be indoctrinated that this is their duty. That's a thought. Or certain privileges come from voting which aren't that important but are nice to have. I don't know. The right to write your. <SEP> Maybe it should go with a driver's license. That's an example of a right not a. Actually. That's considered a privilege not a right. That is a privilege. Tha-. But technically most people. Technically it's a privilege. But most people think of it as a right. In other words if the government denies you a driver's license people get very upset. But actually it's a privilege which is allowed to be revoked. <SEP> It is. That's correct. And fortunately voting isn't that. <SEP> Maybe it should be. Except if you're a felon. If you're a felon it is taken away from you. They will take away your right to vote under certain circumstances. <SEP> That's right. So. So we don't have a great solution yet do we. Don't have a great. I think I checked that as a question I'd be willing to discuss too. But I don't know if you've read any of. The early republic documents when they were arguing through constitutional law written by Hamilton and all those people. <SEP> I haven't. I think it was Hamilton who wrote number ten or something where he was arguing for a republican not in the sense of the Republican party now versus a democratic government and arguing successfully why the United States should be a republic not a democracy. Which indeed it really is a republic not a democracy. Where he defines democracy as everyone votes for the issues and republic is people who vote for someone who then in turn votes for the issues. In other words you vote for representatives. <SEP> And the whole idea was presumably those who get voted in would be wiser than the average person and a specialist and able to make more informed decisions and can protect against the tyranny of democracy. Because just as you can have a tyranny of a single bad ruler or something you can have a tyranny of the majority. <SEP> And he makes a very passionate good argument for why you don't want some things decided by democratic process. Because anytime you have a majority they can change the law in a fully democratic process. And there are cases when you don't want that to be the case. A candi-. If there's some minority that people don't like because of racial hatred or something like that the majority can just simply vote against them. And cases like that need to be constrained. And I agree except that I don't trust the people who are appointed to vote. <SEP> Sometimes I think we have that right now with Congress. I feel that wa-. I think they're looking after their own self preservation more than they're actually looking after the good of the country. Their job is to be reelected by in large. And so they work on that job. And there's also an antigovernment mood in the country where government is misspending your dollars. And they're all fools. And throw the bastards out. That kind of thing. <SEP> And there's a notion that somehow if someone isn't as much as a government person they're less corrupt and they're more likely to be good which is really strange. Because if I'm hiring a plumber I want a real plumber. I want someone trained in.