I was just trying to think about how I dress for work. T I is a very casual atmosphere. And what I usually do on the weekend is lay out five outfits. And on Monday I wear the worst looking one. Because it doesn't seem like people are that alive on Monday. <SEP> So. And then progressively through the week I'll wear nicer looking things. And then on Friday most everybody wears jeans and sweatshirts or jeans and blouses or something like that. But mostly what I wear are skirts and blouses or skirts and pullover sweaters or little two piece dress suits. But. <SEP> That's a good way to approach it. I've never thought about. I do plan my clothes a week in advance. Actually I plan them a month in advance. I usually do a month at a time. So I don't repeat an outfit. But I've never thought about wearing your worst outfit on Monday because really no one's paying attention. But I don't work outside of school. I work in the computer lab at school. So I can just wear whatever I have on for school. And really it's. I try to dress presentable but very comfortable. <SEP> In the warm weather it's always shorts and a t-shirt or a button up or something like that. And then in the winter time it's jeans or pants. I usually. College is so casual. You really don't want to dress up unless you have a job. And you have to be there right after school or something like that. So. Where I work it's pretty casual. I guess it's more like a college campus. Also there's hundreds of people work for T I. And a lot of people just wear jeans and sweats all the time. And they dress up when customers are coming in or when we have department meetings or something like that. <SEP> And a lot of people like those that work in the legal department for the real higher ups like the T I lawyers and those that work for the higher executives those secretaries. They really dress up all the time. <SEP> So there's a good combination in the hallways all the time. That's good that they're so casual. <SEP> My brother works for T I. And he's a computer engineer. And whenever he was going to school he was expecting to having to wear a tie or a dress shirt everyday. But he goes to work in his blue jeans t-shirt and tennis shoes. <SEP> And he just loves it. And that's very acceptable at T I. I believe at I B M they make you wear a blue suit and some kind of colored shirt and a tie. <SEP> That's what I've heard. I would hate to be in that atmosphere. But they just moved into the new building. He calls it the new building. I don't know. It's where all the executives are. <SEP> And so they were going to try to take their blue jean code with them and trying to get all the upper level to start wearing blue jeans. But he just left for Italy today at four. And he'll be over there until July first setting up some kind of computers for them. I see. <SEP> For T I but over in Italy. T I is everywhere. He was so excited about going. <SEP> But he didn't carry any ties or anything because he just went over there with that attitude if I don't take it then they won't make me wear it. That's true. That's a good idea. Because he didn't. He's not really into all that. He would wear it if he had to for his job and all. But his preference is blue jeans and a t-shirt. So. <SEP> But I think that's great about T I. And also to get off the clothing the smokers you know how they have the different designated areas for smokers and stuff. The. <SEP> I think that's great. And if you happen to go into one of areas that is a smoke area and you don't smoke you almost strangle. Do you smoke? So much smoke in the air. The smoking area it's closed in. <SEP> And if you don't smoke and you go in there. Everybody that goes in there smokes. So it's full of smoke when you go in there. I used to smoke a long time ago. I think that's. I used to burn my clothes talking about getting back to clothes. I used to burn my clothes with cigarettes. That's one of the reason that I stopped. <SEP> You mentioned your daughter had graduated from college. When she was in high school did she always have to have all the new fashions. And? She always had to have a lot of clothes. That's how I am. But my mamma was not raised like that. And so. I wasn't either. My daughter she's real good at finding sales though. <SEP> Me to. I have to hunt them down. She'll buy a lot clothes at the end of seasons and just have them for the next year. <SEP> And she finds all the outlets and all the discount places and buys clothes. When they were coming up I didn't sew. But now I've learned how to sew. So I'm still learning how. And I'm getting much better at it. And I'm going to be able to make my own clothes. That's great. <SEP> I wanted to take a sewing class at school. But I just haven't fit it into my schedule yet. But that can really benefit. That's something that I'd be very interested in learning. Because clothes are really expensive. <SEP> They're outrageous !. A little simple shell blouse that you can make for about ten dollars at the most out of a decent fabric runs you twenty something dollars in the store. <SEP> It's marked up. Just a little shell to go under a suit. It is really outrageous. But whenever I was growing up and all my mom. I never understood this then. But I do now. But she never would buy me the new designer jeans that had come out that were thirty dollars. Or she wouldn't buy me the fifty dollar tennis shoes and stuff like that. <SEP> And she always told me it was because I was still growing. And she wasn't going to buy me something I was going to grow out of next week. Especially to pay that kind of money for it. I have a friend who. She had a little boy. And she used to dress him out of Neiman Marcus. She dressed him fabulously. <SEP> And then seems like every time she turned around he was outgrowing stuff. And she finally learned that you just can not do this. So now she finds the basement sales just like everybody else. <SEP> That's the best way to shop. I always thought my mom was being mean to me. But I look back at it now. And my child is going to. I'm going to raise mine the same way. I don't know. They're just so outrageously priced. It's just incredible. And you. <SEP> I try to always catch the sales. Always. And. And you just have to keep buying them. If you're not buying the most expensive clothes out there the quality is really not that great for the price that you pay. <SEP> It depends on. There's always a reason why they're on sale. So that has a lot to do with it. <SEP> But. I bought the most beautiful sweater from Ross Dress For Less. And it was really pretty. It was just a plain round necked sweater. <SEP> And it was embellished around the top. It had leather designs and some other little things on it. And I just thought it was so pretty. And I got it at a real good price. I think maybe it was nine ninety-nine or something. That's great. And it was so pretty. And after I wore it a couple of times I realized why it was so cheap. <SEP> In the middle of the back of it there was. It's like there. It had been slit. And they had just sewed it back together right in the middle of the back. Wasn't a seam or anything. <SEP> And that's why it was so cheap although it's not really noticeable from the outside. But still it's really not a good quality. And then I was told by somebody that works for J C Penney's that Ross is just one of those places that sells seconds. <SEP> The defect. They don't really buy the first quality. They buy the second. And places like J C Penney's they'll reject the seconds. They'll send them back every time. But places like Ross Dress For Less and T J Max. <SEP> T J Max does that. We have a T J Max over here. And.