What are your first comments on that subject? My first comments on the budget. I would say there has. What would you start cutting f-. What would be the first thing you'd cut? Defense? <SEP> Surprisingly. I would cut the prison systems and let them self-support. Mean private enterprise? Have private enterprise do it? <SEP> You mean the prisons? They're already talking about it. They're talking about having it as a business. So the government doesn't have to deal with it. I hadn't heard that. But. Because I think it's all either state or federally funded. Or obviously. <SEP> But there's not enough room in these prisons and that to continue funding it. But to me it. They think they need to maybe have private enterprise come in. So. <SEP> The other way I'm thinking about is they should be self-supporting like the prisoners make license plates or farm or small industry inside the prisons. Anything to where they can be self-supporting within themselves. In other words they're in there for a purpose. Put them to work rather than sitting there. It's the same thing the whole criminal but the whole police department of the United States. I feel the same way. Someone gets picked up for drunk driving. He should put enough in there that goes back into paying for that policeman being out there. <SEP> So it's self-defense on that point. As far as my defense budget they're cutting it back now twenty-five percent? I wouldn't want to see it cut any more than that. But again I'd like to see something on the other end back into education. But not in the education we have today. So I'm lost on that one. I would like to be a little more into investigating some of the other countries in the world and their educational problems. And to come up with something a little better than what we've got. It's tough to say what. As far as this that good or bad or what. But I was just talking to somebody else. And all those European countries they pay all the way through college and stuff like that. They. So. <SEP> Not so much pay. I'm not trying to see the government put out any more. I know what you are saying. But I'm just saying that even the differences is that some countries pay for students to go through college and etcetera. But here it's just up to high school. But we don't even push the fact to the high school kids that there's other means of education out there rather than college. To go either as an apprentice which they do in other countries. Just doing it which would bring the education back up. <SEP> Why not apprentice out to a company and learn from down on the bottom as a wood worker or just a technician? You can learn on the job. Of course again which would mean again. Our education budget will go down if this is. In a few years it's not going to be overnight. <SEP> But that would come down. I think that's one reason we do have the education is that what it takes for these companies to bring somebody on board. They're not willing to put the training for only a certain amount. So it's as far as the technical side. But even. One of the biggest things now is paralegals and stuff. They're trying to get more people into that field. But they can't just bring somebody in without even having gone to school in that area before they can work for a lawyer as a paralegal. <SEP> I see it being done. I know of a friend that works for my lawyer that has had no training whatsoever. And she's training her. I'm assuming that it can be done. My perspective is that I've been with a couple of big companies now. And it's like they are unwilling to put the time in. They want somebody when they bring them in that they have a certain amount to contribute. Obviously there's a lot to learn after that. But that's true. I'm sure there's a lot of. Businesses are small businesses that could. Let me change my channel. I've got a cordless phone. Let me see if that clears this up. Is that better? <SEP> It was a cordless phone. And all of a sudden we had a bad frequency there or something. So we had some interference. So I changed that. It sounded you were calling from around the world somewhere. <SEP> But I think maybe they need to help promote that more. Give incentives like if they do bring somebody on they will pay some of their costs or give tax breaks or whatever it is for them to train people stuff like that. Programs like that. I don't know what kind of options they've got. <SEP> That's something about what Germany's supposed to be doing. Something similar to that right now. And they have jobs out on bulletin boards so people know what is open for an apprentices in different fields. But that again would cut some of our budget down for education but build up our education with. People at high school level which I would like to see. Rather than so many kids getting out of school. They go on the unemployment list before we have turn around. Because they don't have any education. <SEP> I don't mean college. And I'm for college. But there's a lot of people that don't want their higher education as far as quote college is concerned. They've had it. I think I just heard something the other day. It was either sixty percent or forty percent go to college. And then out of that percentage only so many can get their degree. I thought that was interesting. But most people I knew have gone and got their degree. So. <SEP> But there's a lot of them out there that haven't. I was basic in a upper middle class area. That's. And. So I think that demographic area there a lot of them do go on. And they go to college etcetera. <SEP> It seems to me that kids that get out of high school that parents have gone to college and college here and college there that are really not interested in going to college and forced into it usually are your drop outs. Where if they're said it's just as advisable to go into something you enjoy and you like. Because you can get just as far as being a journeyman carpenter or an electrician or plumber or anything else like that. Make as much money. And if they enjoy it more they'll make a happier life for themselves. Question. You threw that question on me about the deficit. Put it on your shoe now. What would you do? As far as the deficit that's a whole nother my perception of the budget the government. And they have so much to spend. And there's not enough money to spread around. But the deficit basically is that the trade surplus between the other countries and that we have more money going out and too many goods coming into this country. And part of that problem is still. Japan still does not let us compete fairly in their country. And obviously the demand for their goods is quite high here. So they can get their goods in here. And to start even that out we need to continue to at least threaten that. We're going to give them higher tariffs etcetera to raise their prices to ours. But it's just that they're. I think you're going to find that just because the United States there is such a demand here the market. And the money being spent and the goods flow in we don't sell products abroad as much as we bring in. So. <SEP> Were you watching. I think. One of the news stations. They had on there where the output from the United States was basically from smaller businesses rather than the larger ones are exporting.