Do you exercise a lot? It's scaled back considerably. Right now my exercise is pretty much limited to softball league and occasional ride on the bike. But I just nine months ago got married and bought a house. So my outside activities have been curtailed a lot. Is mowing the lawn a new exercise? <SEP> Lawn. It's a forty year old house. So we are doing a lot of refurbish work. And. Painting lawn gutters. You name it all kinds of stuff flower beds. I think that's considered exercise whether you want it or not. <SEP> That's true. That's true. There's always something to do. And it keeps me going. But. You are so far ahead of me. I used to walk two miles a day. <SEP> And I really enjoyed it. Because the two miles went fairly quickly. I could do it in twenty-eight minutes. <SEP> And that's not stopping and talking to everyone along the way. But it's a lot. It's not too strenuous. And I could sort all kinds of things out and make plans and everything. But I don't know what I did to my knee. I was crawling under a desk hooking up a computer. <SEP> And I mashed it wrong or I did something. And the doctor has had me on medication. And she doesn't want me to walk. She said that's while it's healing you're going to mess it up. So I can't walk. <SEP> And she said the most conservative approach you do the medicine again and again before you think of surgery. And I don't want her to think of surgery on my knee. I don't want anyone to think about that ever. <SEP> That's a tough situation. That's that microscopic stuff. Not my kneecap. <SEP> So I'm being very good. But I miss it. I really do. And I. <SEP> That. It's so aggravating to have an injury like that. My wife likes to run. But she's. We moved down to the north end of Oak Cliff in the Castle Park area. And she started running down there and all the hills. <SEP> And she lasted about two weeks. And her ankles couldn't take it anymore. She was used to running flat tracks and whatnot. And ever since that it's just been real difficult. It's real aggravating because she starts in. And her ankles will start hurting again and stuff. Even if she does get on flat ground. So she's kind of in the same mode. She was all ready to get back into it and start running five K's and ten K's and stuff this spring. And she just hasn't been able to stick with the training schedule long enough to really get back in shape. And when you want to do it it's really really aggravating. It's one thing to get motivated to start doing the exercise. And it's another thing to already be past that and then not be able to because of your health. Can you understand that. I don't really want to. I just know I need to. <SEP> It's. I make myself do it. And if I do it. I don't love it. But I will do it. It's not anything I would want to. But I can really tell the difference since I have not been able to walk. I have got to be so much more careful with what I do. <SEP> It's depressing. It is. And you don't spi- well. Speaking for myself I don't sleep as well when I am not exercising. And it's harder to get out of bed in the morning and all kinds of stuff. Your body just gets used to it. I don't particularly enjoy it. I used to lift weights an awful lot and stuff like that. I do enjoy riding bike. But as far as the working out and lifting and things like that. I can't say I really enjoyed it all that much. But once I got used to it it was habit forming. It was. I felt so bad if I didn't. Physically I mean. I just. My body was tuned into that mode. And if I skipped it then it kind of threw the whole system out of whack. <SEP> Hopefully my knee is a hundred percent better. Maybe I can get back into it. That's for sure. Let me ask you a question off the subject though. <SEP> You're living in the Castle Park area? That's right. I grew up in Oak Cliff. <SEP> Did you really? I did. Just close to Methodist Hospital. On Candy. C a n d y. <SEP> In fact I lived there until late nineteen fifties. And that area is it changing back again? So many people are moving back into those old houses and are restoring them. <SEP> It is. We're on a little street called Bison Trail. It's only about a block and a half long. But it's over on the other end. It's over by the far edge of Stephen's Park Golf Course. I know exactly where that is. It's. You know where the little bridge is on North Oak Cliff Boulevard? <SEP> We are just south of that little bridge back-up on the hill in the trees there. And. Our street is an awful lot of retired people. But the other half. In fact our one little block and a half there four houses sold last summer. And three sold the summer before. And everybody in their late twenties to mid-thirties are buying and starting to rebuild and fix things up again. And everybody is real excited. That's wonderful. That is a gorgeous gorgeous place. <SEP> It's a lot of fun. The people are great. There too we've got a real active neighborhood association. And we've got four regular parties every year. And we do a neighborhood recycling program and all that kind of stuff. So it's a lot of fun. And it's a really beautiful area. And some of the higher dollars lawyers and stuff downtown too are picking up some of those great big houses. And they're getting them at a real bargain. They are. You know. They're getting four thousand square feet for a hundred fifty a hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars. <SEP> And they're just going to town with them. People are putting in pools and completely redoing the outside restoring to the original nineteen thirty nineteen forties look. And it's really coming around. I guess. I need to go over there and just drive around and look. <SEP> It's worth the trip. I'm sure it must be. I'm just. We had a lovely little house over there. It was a two story. Story and a half really because we had a basement. <SEP> And the guy that built it was weird. I mean weird. It's one of these really creative houses that I grew up in that nothing was on the same level with anything else. <SEP>. And I just loved the neighborhood. <SEP> And everyone had houses like that. They were all completely different. That's right. And so neat. <SEP> Ours is kind of a little ranch style with a great big it's twenty-eight by fifteen front porch. Next door we've got an Austin stone. Across the street the guy. It was burnt out about two years ago. And the guy moved in and completely redid. It's got a rounded front on it. It's all brick. And he's landscaped his yard. And he's about ready to put in a pool and things like that. So. There's a variety. You just don't see it anywhere else as far as the different styles in the houses and whatnot. Why couldn't your wife run around the golf course? Is that not good? <SEP> She could a little bit. We. I tell you what. We got into the fitness center at Methodist. And they have a quarter mile track there. So she has started doing that rather than take off. The problem is she's a school teacher. And for her she can't run in the morning. For her to get home and try to run at six o'clock in the night in the winter time it's starting to get dark. And you don't want to. She doesn't want to be out by herself anywhere in Dallas. Regardless whether it's north Dallas or whatnot when she goes over to this fitness center it's fenced in. And there's somebody in the building watching her and all that. So there's a lot of consideration. I really hear that. I think you're in Oak Cliff. But I'm in Plano. In west Plano. <SEP> And we live on one of those blocks that it's a neighborhood watch block. We all know each other. And the street doesn't go anywhere. <SEP> If you are on the street you better belong there. Because it's not a through street. That's right. <SEP> That's right. And still I want to get up early in the morning and walk. Before this knee business. And my husband had a lot of heartburn with that. <SEP> It looked darker to him because he was in the house with the lights on. When I was out walking it was more of a predawn type. Pretty but. He didn't think it looked predawn to him. <SEP> It looked dark. And even he was real concerned about that. So it's not just because you are in Oak Cliff. It's just because you're smart. <SEP> That's true. That you don't do things like that. It only takes one time. That's right. <SEP> It's a hard lesson to learn. There's only one crazy out there to make any difference. It goes all over. You got the.