. Have you taken anything back lately that you've bought? <SEP> The only thing we've taken back recently are plants. Shrubbery that were guaranteed. Why? And we had no problem with it. <SEP> We got our money back. Do you think that consumer goods are generally getting better or worse in quality? I believe they're better. I do too. I believe about ten years ago that we went through a terrible time. But I don't. I believe that they're better now. Wh-. <SEP> I think so. I don't think they're shoddy not as shoddy. Electrical appliances I think are pretty good reliable. However I didn't like it very well when the transmission went out on my car with sixty-three thousand miles on it. And I don't like it very well when my electric blanket that was only one year old went out on one side. <SEP> Did you return it? I had moved away. I had taken the first one back. I didn't think that it heated well enough. It never did get anything but just moderately warm. Took it back. And the people told me that's the way it's supposed to be. And I fell for it. And when I got this one it heated a little bit warmer. And then after one year it started heating only on one side. <SEP> So either you or your husband can be warm but not both. Also I took an iron back after having it only one year. I figure anybody that is dumb enough to iron needs to have an iron that will last a long time. And one year of ironing only once a week is not long enough for it to last. <SEP> Did they replace it? Without even any question. But I think it was the store. Wal-Mart. <SEP> Wal-Mart. I was going to say it must have been Wal-Mart. And have you been buying any clothes lately? Any new clothes? <SEP> I haven't bought any new clo-. The last thing I bought was a dress last Summer. And the buttons turned on it over the winter. The buttons tarnished slightly. And I have not gone back about it. That was poor quality I think. I think it is too. And it was an expensive dress. I wondered if it weren't expensive. <SEP> It was. And they should have put buttons on it that would last forever. That's right. That's what I think too. And the chain belt loop half of it raveled out. <SEP> And that was a Leslie Faye dress. And it was over a hundred dollars. You spent that much on your dresses? I don't usually. But I did that one. You're really divulging very personal information. <SEP> But I think it should have been better than that for that money is what I mean. Of course I do too. I believe that we've been talking about five minutes. I think so. And Norma it is just wonderful to talk to you. <SEP> Good talking to you too. I've enjoyed it. You are a good one to talk about consumer goods because you keep up on it all the time. We'll be talking to you later. <SEP>