I don't have strong feelings about changes to be made in the jury system do you? Not at all. In fact I'm graduating from college in about a week. And this past semester I've taken two criminal justice classes and have discussed a lot on trials. Then you must know a lot more about this than I do. <SEP> I think the system right now is fine. I think it should be by a jury. I don't think the judge should have. He's just there kind of like the referee. I don't even think that it should be unanimous either. What about the idea that one is only guilty when proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt? I thought that was the point of a unanimous jury was the idea that if everyone agrees then there shouldn't be any reasonable doubt. <SEP>. But if there are some people who don't agree it seems to be there must be at least a reasonable doubt for some people. <SEP>. I don't know. I. You hear of course there's cases where someone has been put in prison falsely accused. But more than likely the people that are on the jury know what they're doing. You. Have you served on a jury? <SEP> Never. I never have either. But my few friends who have say just the opposite. They say they're remarkably incompetent. And don't know what they're doing and say one thing in the courtroom and then as soon as they get in the back room they just start letting all their prejudices hang out to air and all that. You would think that they would get that in the. When the prosecution and defense are choosing the jury you would think that those would come out. And I know they automatically. When you're chosen is you're automatically like a professor in criminal justice or something like that. That you're automatically. They don't want you on the jury. They don't want anyone with particular experience or knowledge of the legal system. <SEP> Exactly. And they tend. And since anyone can get out of it who basically says they don't want to do it. Anyone can get out of jury just about. So it's not really my peers that. Let's say I were arrested falsely or not and put up for a jury I wouldn't feel that I would be being tried by a jury of my peers. <SEP> I'd be tried by a jury of people who had nothing else to do and weren't very knowledgeable about certain sorts of things. And I don't know. I get a little bit nervous about it. And. <SEP> I've never even been called to jury duty. I was called once. But I was out of the country. And apparently they thought I served. So I didn't make any noise about it. I came back. And they said the record showed I served. But I was out of the country at the time. So I'm pretty sure I didn't. <SEP> I don't know. I guess there's a lot of problems with the legal system. I don't know. I definitely feel like we need to keep it at least unanimous. Because there's the classic sort of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD kind of story where you get jury which can have all kinds of prejudices and things that a judge at least officially isn't supposed to have. Though of course they can too. <SEP> And it seems to me that if you could just have a simple majority or something you could pretty much browbeat the jury a majority of the jury. That's hard to say. So it's saying we don't like the way he looks. And let's throw the rascal in jail and stuff. <SEP> And you also get a lot of juries are extremely. And from what I hear. I have some friends who do expert witness testimony. And they say that juries are extremely vulnerable to sort of emotional pitches. The prosecutor will want to show the mugging victim show the nice person he was and what a family life and basically get the jury to be very sympathetic with the victim. Or if it's a corporation that was harming some individual or something like that they get very much. It's just a big faceless corporation. Let's make them pay as much as possible. Things like that. So not. I'm. The problem is I can't guarantee that a judge would necessarily be much better than a jury. But I'd be real nervous having a jury not at least fully agree on what the settlements would be things like that. <SEP> Ri-. I don't think the judge should just make the decision alone. <SEP> Least with the jury you have twelve people that are going to decide. You're the person's fate. How about having a jury and a judge work together on it somehow? I wonder if that's possible? I guess the judge's time is worth too much though. <SEP> Exac-. Judge. They pay those jury members very little money compared to that judge. He makes more money in an hour than all twelve of them put together. <SEP> Probably. But. It's sad though that the people though that. Somebody's life is in twelve people's hands. And sometimes those twelve people could care less. Or they fool the defense in thinking that they're. Because when they go through those processes they kind of pick out who they want. Of course. It's political maneuvering. The one side is looking for someone whose face they think will want to hang everyone. And the other one is going to look for someone very sympathetic. They're not looking for someone who's going to be the most reasoned or sensible or rational juror. Neither side wants that. They want to find a juror that's going to be most persuadable by their arguments. <SEP> I wish it were a little bit harder to not serve on juries actually. I know it's tricky. Because I know an awful lot of intelligent people who just. I'm too busy to serve on a jury. So I'll tell them that. And they just answer one of the questions the wrong way because you can do that. <SEP> They just say do you believe in such and such. I guess it's just that maybe people are upset at court. If it was a family member of theirs though that was innocent. Then they'd want to be on that jury. Course they would be barred. But. <SEP> But I think if everyone took it seriously. And something you have to do. It sounds like we both need to get out there and serve on a jury. <SEP> I hope we're called up before too long. I would love to be called. I'm ready to go. They just haven't called me up yet. They will eventually. <SEP> It was nice talking with you. It was nice talking to you. <SEP>