I pay a good deal of taxes because I make a fair amount of money. And the taxes that I pay as a general statement I feel I get my money's worth for. I'm not sure though whether I feel. I guess I am sure that I feel that in general though the allocation of the taxes in certain areas isn't correct. <SEP> I'm sure that probably every person in this country would agree with you on that. Because everybody has a different idea of where the money should go. I. Lately or at least for the last twenty years or so I've felt that the expenditures of our taxes into high cost defense items at least in the last ten years have been. There's been and extraordinary amount of money spent there. And I'm not really sure that we've gotten our money's worth there regardless of the outcome of the Desert Shield situations. <SEP>. I guess my particular beef is that having participated in the military off and on over the years of being called back and things of that nature I've found that there's an extraordinary amount of waste. I take that as a given in any military operation. And. <SEP> No argument here. And I gue-. I should imagine that what the problem. Why I'm a little concerned about today is that this rather quick victory in the Mideast over the Iraqis might lead us into a false sense of security that we can do that against any other foe. I don't know what other foe that would be. But I'm just getting nervous again now hearing the voices come up that there has to be increased expenditures in that area. Of course a lot of missiles and things were expended in the course of fighting the war. And the inventory's going to have to be restocked on. I work for T I. And one of the things we were told is they had eleven thousand HARM missiles which T I is the sole supplier for. And they used up two thousand of them in the war. So they're going to have to do another contract to restock that to get ready in case something else is needed. But it. Would that be. Let's see. Two thousand out of eleven thousand that's about a little over twenty per cent. I should imagine that that would be to keep it at those levels that were originally appropriated when the Soviet threat was perceived as being a greater one. I don't think there's very much of a threat there today. I do worry about what nuclear weapons are left in their territory over there and who's controlling them. But. <SEP> That's true. That's true. I don't know what amount of our hardware would stop some fanatic from doing anything that would be irrational. Of course now we used up twenty per cent of that inventory in a matter of just a few weeks. <SEP> And T I also makes the missile which was the T V laser guided bombs. <SEP> And a big percentage of that was expended as well. That was just a matter of. What is the name of that? It's called Paveway. <SEP> And a big percentage of that was used up during that conflict also. So those are two areas in which T I stands to gain some short term business to restock that. What I'm. Concerned about. Talking about the taxes in general and that was an area that I perceive as not being the best expenditure for the amount of dollar that we're taxed for in the area of defense. Or perhaps we have paid too much there. I don't know. It just seems to me that over the years now the. And it's a cliche. I. But I see it myself. I see where the infrastructure is sort of breaking down the roads the highways. No doubt. I don't know. I'm familiar with some upbeat school areas. So I don't totally agree with the great expenditure of effort and time there. But I guess overall because I guess I'm not associated with what ghetto schools and rural school systems are like I should imagine that would take an enormous expenditure. <SEP> As a matter of fact in Texas we've had our school funding system declared unconstitutional by a state judge. And they. And the legislature just passed what they called a Robin Hood Bill which. Basically what it does is it takes extra money from the more affluent school districts that come from local taxes and send them to other parts of the state that are not so affluent. They don't have a broad based income tax that funds the educational system. <SEP> Or is it all funded out of local taxes? To give you some perspective this town that I had lived in for sometime in nineteen eighty-three was funded sixty-five per cent by state funds. <SEP> Then we had a number of education reforms that the legislature said we got to do this we got to do this we got to do this. But they forgot to put in the state budget the money to pay for it. And they dumped it all on the local school districts. So. Sounds like the way the federal and state system works now. <SEP> So what ended up happening was a shift. We went to sixty-five per cent state funding to sixty-five per cent local funding in a matter of four years. And. Do you mean a complete reversal? Because they can't raise that money in those poorer districts. Complete. It's all shifted to local districts. And now even the money that's been raised for the local districts is going to be siphoned off and sent to other parts of the state. <SEP> That's right. And I have no problem with a certain minimum level that's a standard that everybody ought to be able to have. But I am opposed to any attempts to restrict local communities from taxing themselves above that to provide above the minimum. I see what you're saying. I guess I am a strong and staunch supporter of some subsidy for any forms of education. By that I mean I'm a product myself. I have a background of getting my college education through the G I Bill. <SEP> So did I. My Masters anyway. What. But when I look at it to me it doesn't really make any difference. It was a marvelous opportunity that I couldn't have done. I don't think I would have gone on unless I had that financial easement made possible. <SEP> That's right. And I don't really care what it takes to qualify whether you're a veteran or whether you. I don't even know if you have to perform community service. Or unless you promise to even do something in the future I think that the subsidy itself. Or I guess the enactment of that form of legislation would give many people who I think I perceive the fact. At least what I read is that some younger people feel that education is priced out of their budget. I know in the state of Florida just today the legislature adjourned. And they had completed a fifteen per cent increase in the state land grant colleges which isn't. To me it doesn't sound like a lot of money. But I guess it would be for fifteen hundred dollars a year. <SEP> They went from eleven to fifteen hundred. And for an out of state student the tuition went up twenty-five per cent. I don't know what that would be. <SEP> They had to raise community college taxes here a few years ago. But I guess that goes along with the general idea that the federal government was expending so much money on defense that the program now is. Fees that fund these things I guess that's trickled down to the states. And the states now don't have enough money. So they must charge fees. I'm not too sure of that reasoning. <SEP> But I guess I don't know whether I pay too much taxes. I travel extensively in Europe and see enormous. People pay a great deal in taxes. They tell me when I sit and talk to people. There they tell me they. Some states they pay. In Germany or in England in some cases people in my income level at least allege that they pay up to fifty-five percent of their gross income in taxes. I can believe that. But I'm not too sure when I put my property tax in my car tax my income tax and these myriad of. It costs me money to leave the country some sort of a tax to leave the country some sort of an airport departure tax a sales tax which is getting to quite high levels. <SEP> I'm not sure that I'm not up fairly close to that. I guarantee you you'd be paying a lot more in taxes if the Democrats had more say. You really think so? <SEP> I really do. But what's happened here is. I feel that in the last ten years my taxes have gone up. They haven't gone down. I pay quite a bit more taxes. And. <SEP> Everybody is. But that's been a Republican government for the last ten years. What they've been able to do is slow down the rate of increase. To keep it from becoming even more obnoxious. I. <SEP> This has been really interesting. And I've enjoyed our talk. I guess I just push something here. Push one again. <SEP> We just say. And that's it. Just hang up. Don good talking with you. Nice talking with you too. <SEP>