. Far as crime in the cities I'm sure like in yours it's pretty bad. Probably the biggest thing we've got going now is the robberies. And theft and probably murder are the two top ones that we have. How about you? <SEP> I don't actually live in the city. But I'd probably say that's roughly right. Crimes against property seem to outnumber crimes against life. But I think with the current war on drugs and all this kind of stuff I'd say probably the police department would claim the number one crimes are probably solicitation of prostitution and sale of drugs. Probably right if you look at it from that stand point. What. Is there anything that you particularly are concerned with in your particular area as far as security and that sort of thing? <SEP> Where I live now it's not so bad. I can basically leave my front door unlocked and not have to worry about it. But I do have friends that live in the city. And I think that they get a lot of fallout from this war on drug thing. Just because there are crack houses on their street and stuff like this. Do you live in a real small town or out in the country? I live out in the country. How far out from the city do you. <SEP> I'm about fifteen miles out. About fifteen miles. I live in a little suburb which from Dallas is twelve miles or so. But it's pretty congested. We are considered in the country. <SEP> But it doesn't really feel like you're in the country. Our major crimes in our immediate town is probably house robberies and very few instances of alcohol drugs reported. <SEP> However I'm sure they're there. But right now our neighborhood is running about eighty percent of the homeowners have been robbed sometime during their existence in that neighborhood. <SEP> That's huge. And since that time everybody's got some sort of burglar system or burglar alarms including the outer perimeter type devices sensors and things like that. <SEP>. It's cut back considerably. But it just shifts it from our neighborhood to another neighborhood to other neighborhood. So it still remains city wide pretty high. <SEP> Are there any theories on why this is happening? I would say the majority of it's happening during the day between probably ten in the morning and three in the afternoon. Most. <SEP> But why? Why is it happening? Most families are young. And both people are working. So they're happening during the hours they're gone from work. <SEP> So I would say that's probably their prime motivation. They'll stock your house and look at your pattern and then go from there. So they're professionals? They classify most of them as professionals. <SEP> You get a few of them that are a little bit sloppier just taking just junk items that they can just get ten to twenty bucks for real quick. Probably the biggest items that you get in our neighborhood would be the high classed automobiles. The Mercedes Volvos things that they can get big dollars for and the jewelry are the major targets. <SEP> Guns that sort of stuff. Very few penny ante stuff. <SEP> What do you think can be done to reduce that sort of crime? The police force for one. I think they could definitely add to the police force and the type equipment that they use. It's. Right now we are about thirty thousand people. And there's only eight officers that patrol for that amount of people which is not very many. <SEP>. And. <SEP> But that's going to tend to. It seems to me that sort of approach will tend to simply make the cost of committing the crime slightly higher. In other words you've increased the probability of somebody being caught a little bit. The real question is how do you convince people not to commit such crimes in the first place. The. Course in our particular state we have the prison overcrowding whatever. So they're giving the early release. They're doing that in our state too. And it's. I think what they need to do is stop building more jails and start giving stiffer sentences. But for the. <SEP> So you think that would be a deterrent? That would certainly be a deterrent. And not necessarily give in to their human rights desires. If they're overcrowded just keep cramming them in there till they just suffocate. <SEP> What about an innocent person who happens to have been found guilty? I think they'd have to go to extra measures to make sure a person's guilty in a lot of cases. Course I know you can't be a hundred percent foolproof. <SEP> So you'd rather see it harder to convict somebody. I'd rather see it a little bit harder and have a little bit more evidence to convict somebody. And then those convicted especially of murder and major crimes to reach the life sentences and death penalties and follow through with that. <SEP>. Especially in the case of murder. <SEP> I know in my case my wife and daughter were kidnapped during a house robbery back in eighty-five. <SEP> And the individuals got caught. We went through the court system and all that sort of thing. And two counts of kidnapping the forty-five to the head just the mental anguish and the whole nine yards the guy only got five years. <SEP>. <SEP> And he was out within two months because of the parole system. So what. Did you sue him under the civil system? Do what now? <SEP> Did you sue him under the civil system? I'm not real familiar with that. You could probably sue him for mental anguish or something and try to get money from him. <SEP> And. The insurance companies and all that tried to go after him. And they said he has no job. He has nothing. There's nothing that he has that you could go after. Makes you wish that still had indentured servitude for this sort of thing. Very seld-. <SEP> But they give the guy a job in prison and make him pay his damn debt. They don't do that here. Course they pay them. But you don't. You or the insurance companies never see any of that money. That's too bad. And right now they're reluctant to go after him because they're repeat offenders. They been in jail before. <SEP> They've been released several times which is another deal I hate to see. <SEP> But basically the guy commits three major crimes and car theft on top of it destroys my car. I think that's re-. <SEP>. And we're out fifteen thousand dollars. And the guy gets out in two months. <SEP> That's awful. And he goes out and commits it again. Fact he's back in jail now. So what. Gives you sympathy for the vigilantes. What deterrent does he really have? <SEP> I think in our particular neighborhood vigilantism is becoming a real possibility. We've had a couple break ins where the people have actually shot the people. <SEP> And return offenders have. They've actually waited for them where they've robbed particular neighborhood. They'll rob one house. Then other people will wait up and wait for somebody to do something else try to take it in their own hands. Course it doesn't always work out in their favor. <SEP> But nevertheless I think people are just getting fed up and saying you can't arrest all of us. You can get some of us. <SEP> You can't get all of us. And we're beginning to see more and more of that. <SEP> And that's a deterrent too. If you think the home owner might be armed and awake. Here you break in. And you're going to get shot. That's certainly a possibility in. We have had a few cases where the guy has broken in during the middle of the night and gotten himself shot to death. <SEP> And it helps for a while. But then just another different set of people come in. And most of the people are transients from outside of the state. <SEP> I would say probably eighty percent of them that are caught they're from places like up in Oklahoma and Louisiana Arkansas across the border. So people who don't readily read the newspapers in our town or whatever. <SEP> It's not many from the local communities. But it's a problem. And I think that the court systems need to be stiffer in their penalties. <SEP> Would be a definite deterrent. And giving the police agencies a little bit more jurisdiction over what they do when they catch these people. <SEP> I tend to agree with you. I think what I would like to see is number one completely getting rid of these victimless crimes. There's no reason to enforce those and spend time and money doing it and worry about these things where people are getting hurt. And I think one of the big things that you can do to increase deterrence is if someone is found guilty of a felony level offense they lose their citizenship. And they lose their constitutional rights. <SEP> And just a lot of things that we're trying to worry about protecting these people from we just don't protect them. I know in my wife's case they made her feel like the criminal. I know. And I think that's ridiculous. They went to all.