Do you have any particular thoughts about the school system? I think that in. Recently with the. I'm not sure if it's more a problem with American families or a problem with the school system. They seem to be burdening the school system more and more with problems any problems that a child might have whether it's actually a school related thing or not. And I. <SEP> I agree with you a hundred percent there. And it's gotten to a point where the schools are expected to take care of everything. <SEP> If you've some kid who doesn't have who's from a broken family the schools are supposed to fill that void. It's gotten way beyond teaching classes and maybe providing extracurricular sports activities or something were kind of traditionally the school's roles. <SEP> It's interesting. Because we're just having conversation on this with a couple of people yesterday. And I was expressing my frustrations that so many problems are that kids don't have a degree of self-discipline which may be reflected in society at large. And you can't expect in a classroom for a particular course an hour a day to counteract sixteen or seventeen years of influence at home. And it's seen more so because when you call parents up many parents won't even recognize that there is a problem. And they'll say my kid. I've never heard anything about this before. This is the first time there have been problems. And you wonder don't these parents know that teachers talk. And we do check with other teachers. And other teachers find the same things in this child. <SEP> And how do you tell the parent wake up and smell the coffee. But it is a problem. And I'm not sure just how the school system could operate in a vacuum on it. <SEP> Whether maybe through a commitment of the P T A and the parents being informed better that in fact that the problems that are nationwide are problems of society and that the school can only do so much on it. <SEP> Then again when you have a society where a certain percentage of the parents are doing drugs in the home either unemployed and have their own problems how do you expect the. <SEP> You can't really expect that parent who's quite frankly a loser in life as it is to care about the situation with their child. That's right. <SEP> And. You know what scares me too is that we have yet to see the biggest effect of the crack children in the school system. These are children that are born with low attention deficit. <SEP> And what's going to happen when these kids start coming into the school system. That's really scary. But I think there are a couple of areas where the school system can improve. And this is something that I see. Too many times students get diagnosed as slow learners. And in fact they're not. They're behavior problems. <SEP> And so they get put in our school system in a class that's limited for skills children that really have to master skills. And that's not their problem. At the same time I've seen we have an international population. There's no bridge area for students coming out of the E S O L which is English for Speakers of Other Languages program. <SEP> The. Once they're past E S O L they get out. They got thrown right into the total mainstream. And there really needs to be a bridge some sort of transition for that. <SEP> So the school systems can improve both in standing up for splitting classes having slow children in slow classes but not mixing them with behavior problems. And then the case where they put the behavior problems in the average classes. You get these kids that are average students but highly motivated. <SEP> And then you throw in kids that are not motivated maybe bright but they're discipline problems. And you sometimes. The average classes really are problems because you've got such a mixed bag there. <SEP> The gifted and talented are fast classes. There's really not that much of a problem with. But it's. I've seen more incredibly intelligent underachievers than. <SEP> I would take a person who's motivated and a little less intelligent than the person who is one of these very intelligent people who just kind of isn't motivated to do anything. That's. I remember I had a college professor who once said that genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. <SEP> Not to toot my own horn here or anything but I was graduated from my high school. I was the valedictorian. And I know that there were a lot of kids that were an awful lot smarter than me. And they proved out late when it came time to take the S A T -s. Mine were good. <SEP> But they weren't great. And when I got into college I struggled just to get my degree in the field that I was in. <SEP> Whereas I knew people that in high school were kind of lazy and all. But they got motivated in college. And they did a lot better than I did. And when it. I guess kids do mature at different ages too. That's. And as a teacher you try to be understanding that there are different ages. Kids are. Is this a. Got a kid that just a question of maturity. Or is he a problem child. <SEP> But teachers are asked to diagnose so much. We're have to be. We're alerted. There's all sorts of systems where suicide predisposition. We're alerted to the moment we see something. If we see a child that's on drugs such as if he's got a beeper or if they're flashing lots of money around. There are certain things to do. So the school system's asked to do so much. But you can't operate in a vacuum. <SEP> You actually have students with beepers? We're in a rather wealthy suburb of Washington. And a student with a beeper immediately gets sent down to the principal. <SEP> Where. What are the. What could they possibly be thinking. How. It's for drug use. They can't imagine for anything else. It's amazing. But you get all sorts of things in the schools. And it's. And as a teacher you're alert for the kid who's very drowsy. You're alert to the kid who suddenly has a behavioral change. And you refer them to the nurse. <SEP> And you have to find out whether there's a legitimate reason or whether this is a warning signal. How can you expect to. And parents frequently resent when you ask them. Is there a problem that we should be aware of? <SEP> I was sitting in the barber shop. I'm an officer in the Air Force. And I was having my hair cut. And the barber got a call while I was there from his son's school. His son's in high school. And his son was failing gym and having trouble with a few other things. <SEP> But this guy was there's no problem with my kid. My kid's a great kid and all this. The kid had missed all these classes. And basically his answer was I gave him permission to miss. The denial mechanism is really strong. And so many parents are facilitators. <SEP> They're manipulated by their children. I've been fortunate. I have a son who's a sophomore in college up in Massachusetts at Amherst. <SEP> And my other son is a senior in high school. And he's going on to Williams. And they're really super. They're both national level swimmers. And we've been very fortunate. But they had to be held accountable too. <SEP> At some point a parent does help their kid in some ways. But you have to say at what point isn't the help becoming negative. And I think this is where the school system is suffering and not through any fault of the effort of the school system. <SEP> But it was good talking with you. It was good talking to you too. So there are people throughout the country that feel the same ways that you do and are connected with the schools. <SEP> I've had interesting conversations on several subjects not just this but the different things. <SEP> It's amazing how the people you talk to have some interesting conversations. And it's too bad that all this stuff is just being thrown into a data base and that none of the ideas or thoughts are being used at all. We are though. That's true. Listen. Good luck. Take care. <SEP>.