H-. Myrna how do you get your news? Most of it is from the radio and also from the news programs that we watch in the afternoon. <SEP> We usually watch the local news and the national news both. I'm pretty much the same. I find that. I'm a graduate student. And I read a lot for school. And I find I have no patience to really read a newspaper because I'm reading so much all the time. And I really enjoy just sitting down and watching a news broadcast. <SEP> You can always get up and leave that. That's true. I just don't seem to have time to sit down and read the paper. Either. By the time I get home from work it's already time for the news to come on. <SEP> That's right. So it's so much easier to sit there. And besides I can be doing other things and still listen to the news. That's right. I agree. That's. A lot of times I eat while I'm watching the news. <SEP> The same thing. Is there any. What did you think about the coverage over in the Persian Gulf? I think they did a great job. I thought so too. It. For a while when we were really interested we saw it all the time. Some of the stations carried it for twenty-four hours for a couple of days there. And then the special reports and the extended news coverage I thought was really good. <SEP>. And you could always find some channel that had something on. But you didn't necessarily have to watch the same thing all the time. Just news. That's right. <SEP> I noticed that one thing that T I did they do have television monitors stationed throughout our buildings. And they used to have a program called T News and just updates of different things that were going on within T I. Well when all the mess in the Persian Gulf came about they started carrying C N N. <SEP> They have had so much good response from this that T I now has C N N on all the time. That's great. <SEP> So we can always run upstairs and get a quickie update on what's going on if we really want to. Or if you have a break in the middle of the day you take a coffee break you can always stay informed. <SEP> That's really good. That's I've found that when I went back to graduate school I just didn't have the money to rent a cable T V line or whatever. So I don't get C N N which was a big disappointment. I used to watch. That was my. If I wasn't home. I'm a college teacher. And sometimes I teach in the evening. So I'll miss the evening news. And you could always catch a good news program at eight o'clock or nine o'clock on C N N. I think that really has changed the way I look at the news. <SEP> We don't get it either. We live out in the country. And we just don't have it available out there where we are. But when we did have it that's what we usually watched was C N N. <SEP> And sometimes we'd watch the weather stations. That's same. That's. When I had it I watched it religiously for half an hour. And then you could go on to do what else you wanted to do. I find I read very little. I don't even get a regular newspaper and because I don't drive that much. I only live about a mile from where I go to school and work. I find I spend so little time in the car that I don't really listen to the radio. I don't. So television is my main new source. <SEP> I get that too because I'm in a van pool. And I'm in the van two hours a day. An. To commute to work? <SEP>. And in the morning I try to sleep because it's dark thirty. <SEP> But in the afternoon I try to read. So I can not pay attention to what our driver is doing. I can. The van pools I know that. And I'm in the Baltimore Washington area. And I know they do van pool a lot here from some of the outer areas. But if you want a nicer home beyond the suburbs. I. That's necessary. <SEP> Are you in Baltimore itself? I am right outside Baltimore. I am less than a mile from the Baltimore line. And I go to a campus of the University of Maryland that is just less than a mile from my house. So I'm actually in Baltimore. You could say I'm in Baltimore. <SEP> I have two kids over there. In Baltimore? In D C area. <SEP> One works for the State Department. And her husband is in the Navy. And he's stationed at Bethesda. An. That's a really nice area Bethesda area. It's funny. There's a big difference between Baltimore and Washington even though they're so close. There's only an hour less than that between the two. But there is a big difference in things like property values. And the closer you get to D C the more expensive it is. <SEP> And the different slant. Washington it really is an international city where Baltimore is hometown Baltimore. There's really. Most people have relocated to the Washington area. I'd rather have Baltimore with the home town atmosphere. That's. I like it a little bit better too. It's interesting though to meet different populations. Being from Pittsburgh originally. I'm just now meeting different populations like Chinese students and things. And I find that really interesting to imagine. Here is somebody that was in China two years ago when all that was going on in Beijing. That's an interesting perspective. But I really. Much like the hometown area. And I think that also goes. It's funny. You can watch different news. I can watch Washington news or Baltimore news. And I really do watch Baltimore news. That really makes. I don't really bother with the Washington station because it's so far removed from what I'm interested in. <SEP> Most of what they're talking about in Washington is the crime problems that they're having there. It was just a big thing recently. They've had some terrible problems with Hispanics. They had to impose a curfew in two of the areas in the Washington suburbs. The mayor. They've gotten rid of that really bad mayor and then brought in. I heard about that. And then came a woman that's. She's big in the Democratic party. So that's good. So she has good national ties. But she also was something like a state auditor or something like that before this position. She was a state auditor. I guess she was an auditor general or something like that for the District of Columbia at Washington. And then she left that to get a position with the Democratic party. And now she ran for mayor. So fiscally she's pretty tight and she's cleaning house. And it looks like hopefully she'll do a nice job for Washington which is. You sort of feel sorry for a lot of the people there. From what I pick up on the news it's a difficult process to get rid of a bad mayor. <SEP> I know both of my kids didn't want to live anywhere around the downtown areas. They both moved way out. <SEP> I think one of them lives in Germantown. And I can't remember where the other one lives. But Germantown is a nice area. It's a nice area. <SEP> It's means they have to drive a little bit. But. They might be car pooling too. Do they car pool in? Are they driven by themselves. I think he carpools. <SEP> Because he's got fairly regular hours since he came back. But they have probably been carpooling together in fact. Because she had been called back up active duty. And then she was supposed to have gotten out of active duty as of last Friday. So I haven't talked to them this weekend. I don't know what the situation is. But she was. They didn't call you for Mother's Day? <SEP> We were gone. You weren't home? D-. We weren't home. But she had called and left a message on our recorder. But I had that from all my kids except for one. That's good. <SEP> I guess we should stop now. I thank you for calling. I have enjoyed it. <SEP> I really do like this program because I get to talk to people from all over the United States. So do I. I've become very aware of different political views because some of the things we have to discuss are very politically motivated or whatever. I really enjoyed it. It's so funny when you live in one part of the country you only see that perspective. It's interesting to see the wider world. So I enjoy it. Thanks a lot and. Thank you.