. That's okay. Tell me about your home. It looks like a little shot gun house almost. It's got three bedrooms going along one side and the living room and kitchen on the other. <SEP> It's an older home. It's not new. I like it though. It's big. What kind of square footage? I wouldn't know. I measured it one time because we had saw some termites. <SEP> And we thought about getting it sprayed. I think it was. I can't remember. I'm sorry. That's okay. That's okay. It's big enough for us though. <SEP> We kind of need maybe one more room. We've got two children. So where do you live at. What part of town. Here in Denison. We-. That's north. <SEP> Or down here in Denison. I live in Plano. So it's north to me. Up here then. I say down. I'm really from Kentucky. <SEP> I was going to say you didn't have the typical. You have a southern accent. But you don't have a Texas accent. <SEP> I'm originally from Ohio Cincinnati. So I'm familiar with. That area. That dialect. <SEP> Also I lived in Georgia for about four years. So the. There's a difference too between east and west in the south. And the way in which people speak. Anyway my home I guess it's about twenty-five hundred square foot. And I have four bedrooms at the present. We're busting out walls and things like that. That's what I want to do. How many kids do you have? <SEP> We have two. We have two. Do you have enough bedroom space then? We'll have enough bedroom space. It's. We're rearranging our house because the bedrooms are kind of small. <SEP> And so we're going to enlarge our master bedroom and take out a couple of walls and enlarge it. And then shuffle the rooms around a little bit. That's kind of like what we'd like to do. We just had a baby a couple months ago. And we've got a den. It's more or less a spare room. We rarely go in there except for to play chess. <SEP> We want to make that a bedroom for my stepdaughter and my daughter. And we need the one extra room. Like you said the bedrooms are too small. The living room and kitchen are huge. But the bedrooms are too small. Where you've got to leave the furniture just one certain way you can't rearrange it at all. <SEP> There's they. I know what you're saying there. Ours is the same. And they tend to put windows in the strangest places. We have windows in our bathrooms which really makes it difficult for. We've got two great big windows in our back bathroom. <SEP> You're kind of limited in what you can do there and everything. So. No privacy. We don't have a lot of that. We've got at least two windows on every wall in the house. It. <SEP> I'd hate to clean these windows. I really would. I figured I'm going to have to hire somebody to remove our windows and put new ones in that are easier to clean. Ours are the double pane. And you can't really clean them on the inside. Ours are those too. You must live in an older home too then. <SEP> I do. The house is almost thirty years old. So it's not a new home. It's seen some wear and tear. Ours has too. <SEP> When we moved in the man that sold it to us had said that he remodeled it. And he did it hisself. So most of that by now is falling apart. <SEP> It's not just horrible. But this tile's come loose off the wall. The whole bathroom is covered from ceiling to foot in tile. And I don't like that at all. That is awful. With the great big square tiles that you put on the floor the huge one. <SEP> He did it in that? Instead of wallpaper. I wouldn't mind it if it was short tiles. For that you put. The normal tiles. That you put around a bathtub. That would be prettier. <SEP> But this looks like floor covering on the wall. It just doesn't look good. And also they're very heavy. And so they tend to come off a whole lot easier. There's one big one that has come off. And short of putting nails through it we can't get it back on. So. <SEP> And he rewired the house. And it's shorting out here and there. And. I. That's one of the things we've been fortunate with is our wiring is okay. We don't have enough power. Or our breakers aren't powerful enough to really help with the load in the house. <SEP> We need to redo some rewiring ourselves. But our plumbing is awful. There is a shut off valve that's outside that doesn't work. And there's no other real shut off valves inside the house. So if something breaks we have to shut it off from the main in the street. <SEP> And it can be really bizarre. And we never know where it's going to flood. We've got power surges on the west side of our house. We've got our stereo hooked up. <SEP> That. The power makes it run. It's never ran. It's always ran just fine the clock and stuff. But it runs about ten minutes fast except for about a month the clock ran normal. <SEP> And then the power went off again. Lightning or something knocked it out. And we hooked it back up. And now it's running ten or fifteen minutes fast again. But on the east side of the house it runs fine. <SEP> You do have a strange wiring problem there. He put new wiring in. It's all new wiring up in the attic or crawl space. <SEP> But. He didn't know what he was doing. He really should have hired people. That's something. My husband's in construction. And he won't even touch electrical stuff. He i-. He'll do a little things. But he won't do any major rewiring. <SEP> He says he'd rather pay the electrician to handle it. He'll end up killing himself. End up killing theirselves. <SEP> That's right. My husband he'll change out a light switch. But that's about as far as he'll go. That's the way mine is. <SEP> He said he went up in the attic and looked around. And he was. He says looks like a bunch of spaghetti up there. And we had squirrels in our attic when we first moved in because the roof was so sorry. Was a what. The roof was really sorry. When we moved in we had no idea how bad it was. <SEP> It was a wood shingle roof. And we. The first year we were living there we had to replace the roof. He put. Which. I heard it's a law that you're only allowed to have three layers of shingles. Is it three or five. Your husband probably knows. He probably knows. I don't know what it is off hand. He's got seven layers of shingles up there. And he told us it was a completely new roof. Like I said he didn't know what he was doing. <SEP> He must not of. We stripped ours off. We didn't put it over'cause we put composition roof on. And we completely stripped all the old wood shingles off put decking up put the paper down and just started from scratch. Unfortunately when we were doing that it decided it wanted to snow and hail and rain. <SEP> We had almost about half of the roof off. And it did this. And a house full of snow. And a house full of snow and rain. <SEP> And it came down. It did this in the middle of the night. We have plastic just tied down on everything as best we could real thick edge stuff. And the wind came in from the north. And it just blew everything off in the middle of the night. And we were asleep. And I woke up. And I got up. And it was about four o'clock in the morning. And I heard all these drips. <SEP> I had water coming in every light fixture. That. I had water coming in everything that was in the ceiling everywhere. And it filled up my light fixtures because they're the old kind. <SEP> And I would go in. And I'd turn on a light in the room. And the light would come on. And the whole thing would be full of water. And the light would still come on. It didn't blow up or anything. A friend of mine when I lived in Louisiana her. We all lived on base. My husband was in the Army. She woke up about three or four o'clock in the morning water dripping from hers. The neighbor's washing machine had over done something. I don't know. But it was leaking just pouring water in. And it all went through to her roof. And it was coming out of the lights fixtures. <SEP> The fire alarm went off for some reason. It shorted it out or something. That will happen. So she woke up with about six feet of water in her house. <SEP> Not six feet. But. But it's quite a bit quite a bit. You know that. You might as well. So. Did you have carpets and stuff? <SEP> Several of our rooms got ruined. We have. We are on pier and beam. We don't have concrete slab underneath our house. So it got into the carpeting got into the floor. The carpeting was already awful anyway. But it got into the floor and rotted the floor and made it stink. S-. Your house sounds like mine because mine's pier and beam too. <SEP>. They came in. And they had it. One room they completely cut up the floor in and removed it. We had to call the insurance company. The insurance company was paying for the new roof. But they also ended up having to pay for the damage when the roof was being repaired. Which really wasn't our fault. <SEP> We'd done everything we could to keep out the weather. And stuff. That's right. That's right. <SEP> And. You got to redo it the way you wanted it in the end. It. Are you finished with it now? <SEP> The roof? It's been done for quite some time. We're really glad with all the rain we've had in the last couple of years that we have a really good roof. How long have you lived there? <SEP> It's three. It's just been at three years. We've been in the house just the three years. We've been doing a lot of remodeling. It had a detached garage. And my husband's built a walkway across. And we're going to brick up the garage to match the house and things like that. So we. You all did it yourselves? The walk? The home improvements. <SEP> He does this for a living. This is what.