. Do you exercise regularly. I sure do. <SEP> What do you do? I ride a bicycle quite a bit and work out with free weights. I love to ride a bicycle. I live right near White Rock Lake. So I try to ride about ten to twenty miles a day. But I haven't been doing so well this year. <SEP> That's good. But. Last year I went an was exercising on a bike for a while. And when I'd gotten back I had gotten some sun that day. The sweat had built up on me and built up under my skin and caused me to peel. It was the sweating not the burn. That's weird. <SEP> That was wild. But I don't exercise now. I just had a baby three months ago. I haven't really gotten back into exercising. But I exercised real good for a couple of years. It was aerobics and lifting weights three nights a week. And it was running three nights a week. What's your motivation? <SEP> What's my motivation? A friend of mine always pushing me. This was in Louisiana. And she would push. She was. Let's go do it. And she wouldn't take for an answer. Was it for health or to look good? <SEP> I just wanted to look good. I was think. It wasn't really health related. It was just a side benefit. <SEP> Because I'm not big or anything. But I'm not in great shape. But when I worked out I got in pretty good shape. I didn't build up muscle though. I just got real good and toned. I don't think women look good with muscles. Up to a point. <SEP> Up to a point. It's just some of those women that come up there looking like Arnold Schwarzenegger's sister just doesn't get it. What was the other question. Let's see do you do it as a task. Or do you enjoy working out. <SEP> I guess it's a task'cause I can't make myself do it lately. I think I enjoy it sometimes. And there's other times when I just get tired of it. And I feel like I'm obligated to do it because I've been doing it. So I should keep up. <SEP> You don't want to lose yourself. And there's some days it's the hardest thing in the world to get started. How old are you? I'm twenty-seven. <SEP> So you're still young. Still young getting older. We all are. But. <SEP> It's not hard to stay. If you keep working out when you're young though when you get older your body's not going to look as bad. I seen an old woman today. She was about eighty. And she looked so good. She was standing just as straight and tall. And she had a small waist. And she didn't have. You know how some older women will get the big bulge right in the middle. <SEP> She didn't have that at all. Her lips were a little bit wide. But a lot of. Back in her time they liked women with big hips anyway. So she may be keeping that on purpose. So. I notice if you stay in shape you don't age as bad. <SEP> I think too. I go to school too at night. And last semester I had stopped working out'cause I hurt myself and started smoking a lot. And you just. Those kind of things age you more. Smoking ages you quick. An. <SEP> It puts those little wrinkles around your lips. An you can't. And then it just kind of feeds itself. You smoke. And then you don't work out because you. You get winded. And so. <SEP> I smoke a pack a day. An. I finally quit because all I was doing was going down hill fast. I can't quit smoking. I've tried. I was telling a friend of mine that I'd be almost as bad as being an alcoholic. <SEP> I can't quit smoking. I've tried. I just can't do it. I quit when I was pregnant with my kids. But as soon as I had them right back to it. Right back to them. <SEP> It was. That was the only reason I quit. I didn't want to. That's. And I don't want to quit smoking. I enjoy that. I said I have very few vices. I'll keep this one thank you. <SEP> But did you ever go to one of those health clubs or anything? I went to health club a few years ago. And now I work out at home because my schedule with school and work I don't have time to get down to one. There used to be one that was a twenty-four hour that I used to go to. But I actually prefer to work out alone. <SEP> I like to work out with people. I need. Like you. I need competition is what I need. <SEP> I've got to have somebody to compete with. Or I don't want to do anything. I wouldn't mind working out with a friend and stuff. But when you get into some of health clubs where you just stand around and wait. Are you. I like to start get it done and get out of there. <SEP> Are you married or anything? I'm not. Get your girlfriend to work out with you. A lot of women like that. I'd love it if my husband would ask me to work out with him. He doesn't work out very often. Course he don't need to. He's small. And he works as a laborer on the railroad. <SEP> So he's building his muscles up all day. He doesn't have to do anything. He can eat like a horse too. And he don't gain it like I do. But. Especially having a kid tends to just gain weight because you have to. <SEP> You have to. You can gain too much weight. I gained a little bit too much. But I looked. With my first little boy I did gain a lot of weight. I got about fifty pounds overweight with him. And I didn't loose it until two years ago. And then I got pregnant and ruined that. So. Just have to start all over. <SEP> Actually like I say it ain't as bad this time because I was in shape when I got pregnant. I wasn't overweight when I got pregnant with him. I just wasn't in shape. I don't know the difference. But. Some people are a little bit fanatical about it. I. <SEP> About weight? And about working out and fitness. Exercise. I like to work out to look good and stay in shape. And I know it's good for me. But people that live for it and eat a bunch of different pills and all that kind of stuff it gets a little bit obsessive. <SEP> That's what my friend did. She was with the wheat germ and all the vitamins and everything else. And really we was. Even with her taking all those expensive vitamins and stuff we stayed right on the same track with each other developing and everything. <SEP> There. You can take those. What is it? Steroids. <SEP> Steroids. I couldn't think. There's really bad for you. I was trying to say hemorrhoids. I was trying to say hormones. Hormones. <SEP> Hormones. But. Steroids. But I stay from that crap. It's too dangerous. I could just see hair start growing out of my upper lip or something. <SEP> I had a friend whose brother did steroids. And as soon as he stopped working out he just ballooned out. It all turned to fat. And he just really looked bad. <SEP> But. I didn't know it did that. I don't know if it does to everybody. He was. Just that's how it affected him. And he just. <SEP> But I've been wanting to get me a bike. I've been wanting to get a ten speed to ride around. I'm scared to run for dogs. Course I know dogs can get you on a bike too. But seems like it. At least you got a chance to out run them that way. <SEP> I don't like to run myself. I've thought about it several times. And I like to move a little faster and cover more ground. They. They've come up that running is not as good for you as they thought it was. I would think it would be hard on your legs and your joints and stuff. <SEP> It's real hard on your legs. And it's hard on women. And it just makes stuff move down. But I like jogging. I don't mind that. I can get out and do that as long as it's not hot. I can't. <SEP> If it's hot you can't do that. But I love to run in the rain. Just be careful not to slide. But you can't ride your bike at all in the rain can you. You can't. It's dangerous. <SEP> You slide. At least maybe some of these mountain bikes you could. But a regular ten speed with those skinny tires you slide all over the place. <SEP> When I did ride my friend's bike that one time I don't know what I was trying to do. I was trying to make a U turn. And I never could make a U turn in a bike. I can do it in my car. But I tried to do it on that ten speed and wrecked. And I told her a dog was chasing me. But I wrecked it into the curb. I didn't hurt it too bad. I scratched it on the. She had some kind of fender thing going over the back tire I think. But. Anyway it's been nice talking to you. <SEP> And. Good luck with the new kid. Thank you. She's good. Anyway have fun exercising. <SEP>