. I do not know. How big a city is Rome? You have heard about Dallas. And the crime here is pretty bad. Rome is pretty small. But. <SEP> I was going to say. We hear a lot about New York City. There is a lot of crime down there. And I am afraid to go down there because you hear about people getting mugged. You leave your car for ten minutes. And it is stripped when you come back. <SEP> Have you ever been there? I have not. Only to the airport. That is probably enough to see. <SEP> Are you in college right now? I work for the Air Force. So there is a base up here. And. <SEP> Are base. That's interesting concept. Are bases safe? Bases are pretty safe because they check your I D on your way in. And. They minimize the access. But even so we had a. At New Years we had some people come in and attack one of the planes. Because they were protesting the presence over in the Persian Gulf. <SEP>. <SEP>. That is wonderful. Dallas. We lived in Minneapolis. We moved here about ten months ago. And Dallas is pretty. We live in north Dallas which is near a suburb called Plano. So we are out of the city. But it is bad everywhere in terms of the handgun situation the number of rapes the number of muggings. Just I would not say it is not as bad as New York. But it is pretty scary. <SEP> People put bars on their windows in certain neighborhoods. And. They call them ornamental grates. But they are still bars. That makes it bad for getting out during a fire. <SEP> It really does. And if you are a little bit claustrophobic. But. I do not know. The jails are crowded. I am not a criminal justice specialist. So I do not know what can be done. I am. I do not know. It seems to. I think it is getting worse. Because I keep hearing things. When I went home. My parents live in Boston. <SEP> But I went home. And we were watching T V. And this thing came on where a group of five or six guys went and filmed themselves beating up people in the street and robbing them. <SEP> And it was really disgusting. And my mom was `` They should just be all shot right now. ''. And you he-. Were they teenagers. Or? <SEP> Like that girl in New York that got beat up. When she was jogging in Central Park a couple of years ago? <SEP> I think they were early twenties. They were young men. <SEP> So they weren't. And were they obviously poor or depri-? That is really stra-. Like I say s-. I know it. How deprived could they be if they had a camcorder? Those are a thousand bucks. Unless they stole it. And that is one big thing down here. They have. And they are not all young. They are eighteen to twenty-four some of the young men and women. But you can see the Crime Stoppers ads on television. And they are. Sometimes it is the same people that have been observed. And they still can't catch them. <SEP> And you are wondering how. We lived in Minneapolis and Wisconsin. There was all kind of. I know it is getting worse. I do not know what the world is or is not. The dimi-. In a small town in Wisconsin near Madison a young boy somehow got a hold of a shotgun. And killed his parents and his three brothers and sisters. <SEP> And the child had. And they said that he was twelve years old. And he had not displayed any tendencies deviant or disturbed or whatever. And you are thinking to yourself. I wonder where. <SEP> I know. I do not know. I wonder where he gets it? You must. I think T V is bad. Because they show all sorts of violence on. That. And I do not think a lot of parents. I do not know how it is in the Air Force base. But I just do not think a lot of people both need to work. I just do not think a lot of parents are that involved any more. They do not talk to their kids and take them out. And are not there all the time. <SEP> So the kids are off to their own devices a lot. And discipline. I do not know how your folks were. But I sure knew as heck when I was growing up that my parents were the superior. And I was the subordinate. And. It was sort of like there were boundaries. <SEP> And I do not know I think today a lot of parents are ruled by their kids. I. I think so definitely. When you go to a restaurant and kids are running all over the place. They. They are not learning boundaries. I see it in work place too sometimes. I do not know how old you are. But you sound a little bit younger than me. But I am in my thirties. And I see even people that work with me that are ten years younger. That they kind of have an attitude that I hate to say it. But that's just what it is. It is an attitude like the world owes them something. But they. <SEP> I see that too in the Air Force. Espec-. <SEP> Do you? A lot of. Especially since a lot of us are engineers where I work. Are you in the Air Force? I am in the Air Force. <SEP> And so people outside the Air Force doing engineering get paid a lot more than we do. And so all the young engineers are I am just going. <SEP> Get it for all it is worth. And that. And I am you are the one who signed up. If you did not want to do it. And. <SEP> And the Air Force is one of the better military experiences. It is. I like it a lot. <SEP> Pardon me? I like it so far. That is. Are you going to be a career person? I'm digressing. But I do not talk to many people in the military. <SEP> So I am. Probably not. But they pay for my college. So. <SEP> That is the way to do it. And that's. At least the Air Force is. I do not know I am nervous in Dallas. I go to an aerobics class or something. And seventy women in a Jazzercise class in a public parks and rec building. And you are supposed to feel safe. But then there are all these. It does not matter race. But it is an inter racial mix. And you see these guys standing there watching you jump around in your leotards. And I do not even think that way. But you just. Nobody can think that it can't happen to them. It. <SEP> No matter who they are. Or where they are at. And you never know who is watching either. Did you. I do not know I was in the grocery store this morning. We went to New Orleans for four days and came back late last night driving. And it is about seven hours. <SEP> And that is a very. We had never been there. That is a very very neat town to visit. In terms of the French Quarter and all of the things you hear about. <SEP> But the crime is so bad there. In all the tourist brochures you read about what you should or should not do. How to carry your wallet. This is New Orleans? <SEP> New Orleans. I would hate to be there during Mardi Gras. Let me tell. I would never. You just do not. Do not even bother. It is not worth it. When we came back I do not know if you have seen. I was in the super market this morning. And on the cover of TIME magazine there is a girl she is in Boston? She is on the east coast somewhere. Real attractive young girl. College freshman college coed. I think she is a freshman. She had been dating a fellow for several weeks. <SEP> They went back to her dorm room. And date rape. And it just. She looked anguished. It was really just sad. Did not pick it up and read it. But I should have. But I just looked at the picture and thought what a world. I know. <SEP> I do not. You can't trust anybody. I do not have any cure. It is really scary. <SEP> You really can't. We lease out a really nice two story town home in north Dallas. And they have a real big thing here. Even dry cleaners knock on the door and are soliciting. Everybody wants your business kind of thing. And my husband is the kind of guy he's sometime. He was raised on a farm in southern Ohio near Dayton. And I think sometimes it is just he and I are very different in terms of that. I basically have started not to trust anybody in general street smarts. <SEP> We. And he opened the door. I came downstairs. And I was real upset. And I probably got more nasty than I should have. But I just said Howard. <SEP>. I would not. You hear about people opening the door and getting blown away. <SEP> Or people. And it is not a reason. I have been to New York. You should not deny yourself going to visit and all that. <SEP> But it is not any worse. I used to work for a mortgage company that was owned by. Are you from Boston? <SEP> Home Owners Savings and Loan in Boston. And I know I never felt. I have been to downtown New York City. And I have been to downtown Boston. And I never felt any safer on Milk Street in Boston staying at the Meridian. <SEP> I did not pay for. But I never felt any safer there than I did in any other city I have been in. <SEP> So I would say one thing. Do not deny yourself the New York experience but go with people that you know. I would not want to go by myself. But I do not know. I guess I could go on and on about what to do about criminals. I think the handgun. I am not real big on guns myself. <SEP> So. I think our justice system needs to be stricter. Because they do it. And then they get out in a couple of years it seems like. They are booked up. <SEP> Are the New York. I do not know how the New York state prison system is. But Are they booked up? <SEP> That is a way to put it. They are booked up. Are they paroling murderers. And here it is just a real big deal. They parole people that have killed police officers. And then they are out doing it again. I do not know. Because I am not real up on a lot of news things. But you just hear about that. <SEP> It is a lot of repeat crime. And you are why are they repeating? They should have been in there longer. Or. I know. And then you think I can remember I have not been out of school that long. But it has been at least ten years. And you think to yourself was it that bad back then? Or is it just. I think that like you said television? Is it just that more people think there is excitement in it? People that may have been close to the edge just go over because they see something or read something. It seems. That it is more in Boston. There was a case of a couple of kids fifteen year olds. They wanted to see what it was like to kill someone. <SEP> So they picked on this kid who was new in town. And they were no one was going to miss him anyway. And it. <SEP> That is horrible. How can you even think like that? Isn't it something? I am originally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. And I have a niece and nephew. And I just. My ten year old nephew says things that he is aware of that I am just going Michael how did you hear about that? <SEP> It is just I think kids get too much too fast. And all those sort of things. <SEP> In Atlanta where my inlaws live they had that thing the high top sneakers the Air Jordans et cetera. <SEP> Kids killing each other and beating their brains out. For the sneakers. Or the jackets the team the Raiders and the caps. <SEP> Stealing the hundred dollar jackets. It goes from the most petty like that to what you were saying that they in Boston. That is crime where they videoed. That is probably one of the most bizarre I have heard of. <SEP> Where they videotape themselves. It seems like crime is turning into a pastime instead of be.