Wayne I feel very strongly about parents doing things with their children and making time available even sometimes when time isn't available. How do you feel about it? I feel much the same way. I've two kids right now. <SEP> One is two and a half. And one's nine months. And that age of course everything you do they're trying to learn to do. And so it's important for you to spend time doing the things that you want them to learn that they need to learn at the age reading and playing nice with others and that sort of thing. We went through this with our children and now with our grandchildren. And I've always tried to do things with them like when you're at the little league helping out even though I'm not a good athlete myself. I was able to help the coach in just controlling the kids if nothing else. And we've always tried to take our children and our grandchildren to see and do things that otherwise they might not be able to. I think that's just part of their overall educational process is to get out and see and do things. <SEP>. And so it's. We have lived several places around the U S. And where we've lived we've taken them to see and do things of interest and of historical significance in the area. When we lived in Tennessee we took them to Washington D C to see all the capitol and things like that when they were small. And it's helps the children when they're learning in school to say I've been there and I've seen that. <SEP> That's the type. It certainly does because the things in the books seem so dead to the kids unless they've actually been there or whatever. Because I remember our family we went everywhere. And seeing New England and being on Plymouth Rock and stuff like that really made the whole thing more visual. <SEP> And we could read the things in the history books and understand what they said when it was we need to raise food quickly because this place gets very cold very soon. <SEP> We've gone through that. I remember my parents didn't do all those type things. And so I made a special effort with my children to do things like that. And even now with my grandchildren I feel it's a very important thing to be done. <SEP> Because if kids don't look up to you or can't feel they can spend time with you they're going to find someone else. And nowadays there's a lot of people out there that you don't want your kid emulating or whatever. I can remember one of the things I'm most proud of is when my son was. I think it was in the sixth grade. They had to write a little brief autobiography of themselves and about what they had done and what they wanted to do. And I was very proud when my son wrote that he wanted to have a family and be able to help coach little league and do things like his dad had done with him. <SEP> A real point of pride with me. That is nice. It sounds like we both have colds. <SEP> It's ten o'clock here in Falls Church Virginia. So that the only reason I'm home is because I'm home with a cold. We're. <SEP> And the wife says you need something to do. Talk to a guy on the phone. I'm sitting here on the ninth floor of an office building on the north side of Dallas Texas. We're kind of far apart here. <SEP> This is a very interesting program I heard about here on this. And when I signed up for it it looked like it could make a real contribution in participating. I'm an electrical engineer by trade here in Virginia. <SEP> Likewise we do some projects every now and then. We like to get support from other companies as well. I'm an accountant presently working as a contractor liquidating a failed savings and loan. Trying to work myself out of a job. <SEP> But it's been an interesting roughly nine months here. And again this is our home area. We've lived here about seventeen years. And it's. We enjoy living here. It's where we originally started out. And we've lived up north for a while in Chicago and over in Tennessee. So wound up back about two hundred miles away from where we started out. <SEP> That's about all I can think to talk about right now. It's been a pleasure talking with you. Thank you. <SEP>.