My last auto repair was my alternator went out. I have a nineteen eighty-six Toyota. It's a little Tercel. And I have a friend who's real good with repairing cars. So I got him to take the alternator off and take it and get a replacement part. <SEP> So we went to a place called Quality Auto Parts. And their parts are supposed to be guaranteed and everything. And they're very reasonable. So I bought the alternator. We put it on the car. And it didn't work. And it blew out all the fuses. <SEP> How much was the alternator? Something like sixty-nine dollars something on that order. Did he hook up the wiring wrong? He hooked it up right. It was just that the part just didn't fit the car. So. I took it back. And the guy in the parts shop took the alternator. And he put it on the little thing he has in there to test them. And he said there was nothing wrong with the alternator. So we went back and tried it again put it on again. And it still didn't work. And we took the car up to a little place called Pep Boys. I don't know if you have them in your area. <SEP> But they're pretty reasonable car repair place also. So towed it up there because it wouldn't start or anything. And this thing just kept blowing out the fuses and took them about an hour to figure out what was blowing the fuse. And it was the alternator that was blowing the fuse. Anyway ended up taking it to the Toyota dealer. And the only problem was that it had to be a genuine Toyota alternator because most of the other ones that they say will fit it they sit in there and everything. But there's just some little difference that causes it not to work an i-. They probably built that in so they could make money. I guess so. And that was my last experience. <SEP> I had a weird. There's a little sensing device right in front of the fan. It's an air conditioner sensing device. I don't know why. It actually. There's a metal piece that fits through the belts. And somehow that broke off. And I still can't figure out how it broke. And anyway so this piece obviously. I have a Subaru. And I think you can only get it through Subaru dealer etcetera. So. This little sensing device costed sixty bucks. Are you able. <SEP> And I haven't had too many problems with my car. I got a eighty-eight Subaru G L X T. And it. And then just basic maintenance and oil changes. And I do not do my oil changes. And I will not do my oil changes. I think the first time I tried to do one and ended up trying to ge-. Yo- borrowed somebody else's jack. And I did this. And I went and bought everything. <SEP> So after buying the filter and all the oil you're looking at ten bucks at least or somewhere in there and then to go to the trouble that I figured it's easier spending eighteen bucks at Jiffy Lube. <SEP> So that's. As far as any maintenance on my car I shy away from the oil changes. That's for sure. My car it's an eighty-six. And I really hadn't had any trouble with it until that. And the car now has a hundred and thirty something thousand miles on it. And this was just recent. So I really can't complain about this one. How did you put that many miles on it in four or five years? I used to work. <SEP> It was a seventy mile trip everyday two ways was seventy miles. A hundred and forty mile trip? It was just seventy miles. <SEP> Thirty-five miles each way. And I did that for about three years. And it really added up. I've only taken maybe two trips that were about four hours long down to Shreveport. And the rest of it it's just basically driving a long ways to work. And now I drive twenty-three miles each way. So I'm getting little relief. But still I drive a long ways. <SEP> But I guess because they're highway miles it's not so bad on your car as if it were just regular street. Do you work for T I? I do. <SEP> Do you? I was going to ask you as far as how we're getting compensated for what we're doing right now. I don't work for T I. And I get these green. I don't know what you want to call them fake point things. Points. <SEP> And I just wondering how I go about getting the cash. There's a number that you call. It's the same number that you call to make a call. <SEP> You call that number. And somehow or another they'll give you an option to leave a message. And you can leave a message. I know someone that did that. You leave a message. And they'll call you back. <SEP> That's good to know. I haven't been doing. This is the first time I've been called in a long time. And I haven't been doing it. So. And I've done it maybe twelve times. <SEP> I don't know if I've done it quite that much. But mine is mixed up too. I have to call and get it fixed. Let's see before I had this car I bought an Audi five thousand. But I bought it used. I just bought it from a friend who just charged me what the dealer was going to give him for it for a trade-in. And it had a whole lot of miles on it. I figured maybe I'd get one or two years out of it. An I did get a couple of good years out of it. And the engine messed up on me. And then I gave it to a guy to repair who works for the Audi dealer. And he took the engine apart. And he just said he couldn't fix it. So the engine never got put back together again. <SEP> I. I was driving a sixty-six Plymouth Fury. I think those old cars might be a pretty good bet because you. <SEP> And that's when they made cars though. I don't know i-. The body was in good condition. And it ran fine. It was starting to burn some oil. <SEP> But I had to ge-. About couple of months after I was out of college I finally splurged and bought my car. So. I read a book one time that said that the best cars were made before seventy-four. These cars made in the sixties and stuff. The thickness. They're just. You just don't see cars like that. <SEP> And they last a long time. And they were simple too. The engines were simple and durable. And some people will still buy them. They'll. I guess it's still easy to find engines for those cars engines and transmissions. And I guess if you keep changing them out you can keep a car for a long time. Course I guess I could do the same thing with the Toyota that I have. I just don't know how much they'll want to charge me to. <SEP> It almost costs so much to fix anything or do anything with it. You're just better off buying another car. I guess so. But I just think they cost too much in the first place now a days.