What was one of the latest ones that you've seen actually? I think we rented PRETTY WOMAN a couple months ago. <SEP> The last two years I have done more theater movie going than I have actually watched videos at home. I've become available to come and go more often. So I said `` it's worth it. I'll just go at the matinee hour. And I can see what I please. ''. <SEP> It's no more costly than renting one. The last. I went about two or three weeks ago and saw F X TWO. And that is a really good movie if you like special effects. Kind of gory and lots of action. <SEP> I have not done that one. I don't know if I have even heard of that one. Do you know that I don't follow performers. I don't follow actors. Some I know. <SEP> Some I don't. And he was. But the one that played in it that I liked best was the one who was in the one about the old people. <SEP> COCOON? COCOON. He was a blond haired heavyset alien in COCOON. <SEP> I don't know what his name is. I think I know who you are talking about though. At any rate I also saw not long ago ONCE AROUND. That was with Richard Dreyfuss. <SEP> And that one was just a very poignant story. It had people. A lot of people said it was a really funny movie. But it was a poignant humor. And it was like STEEL MAGNOLIAS. The characters played very well off one another. <SEP> And there was humor involved. But the story was a very dramatic story. And I enjoyed it very much. What are some others that you have seen lately? I'm trying to think. Just the other night on H B O we watched THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER again. <SEP> And that's one that. That's one I can watch over and over and over again. <SEP> I was going to read while it was on. But then when it started I just couldn't read. That was a really good movie. It sure was. And the second time you see it you understand more subtleties in it. There are a number of good movies like that. There's quite a few movies out now that I would like to go see. My husband is not a real big movie goer. <SEP> And I guess more than anything that is why we don't go. <SEP> Plus by the time you get a baby-sitter and then pay to go to the movies it just gets pretty expensive. You don't work? <SEP> I stay at home. You are going to have to find a mother's day out and have him call in sick one day. Go during the day. That's right. That's right. There's nothing wrong with that. Go in the early hours. It's a matinee. It's not crowded. And the price is as reasonable as renting a video. <SEP> And that's the way I do it. And I go quite frequently. If you are going to be planning on doing that. I was WARLOCK too which is supposed to be the story of a witch hunt that is magically shot into the present time. <SEP> And the first five minutes or ten minutes of the movie I was very well persuaded to walk out. Very well persuaded. There was more gore than I was interested in seeing. But as the movie settles down to a comfortable action I can't really that it would have gotten more than a star and a half from me either. But the action was comfortable. <SEP> And of course I enjoyed those good guy bad guy type conflicts things. So I enjoyed that movie after the first few minutes of gore. And there were some others. But they were done a little more tastefully. But in the first scene the warlock chopped off a guy's finger because he wanted the ring and then bit his tongue out and spit it off in the omelet. <SEP> And I could not handle that. I said `` I'm glad I have not had dinner''. Then I saw AWAKENING. That's a wonderful wonderful job by Robin Williams and Peter De Niro. I. Robert De Niro? Robert De Niro. What did I say Peter? <SEP> I think you said Peter. I said Robert De Niro. And he has done a really good job of characterizing the disabled person. <SEP> And of course Robin Williams always just has an air about him that you can't help but enjoy what he is doing. Even when he's sad you great faith that he will get happy again. And then there's a couple or three that I would like to go see before they go into videos. I guess I can wait another month. And they will be videos. <SEP> One is SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. I've heard a lot about that one. They say if you really want some suspense that's the one to see. And I understand that's a sequel to an earlier movie that showed about two weeks ago on television. I think I read about that too. And then THELMA AND LOUISE. I think it's time we had a lady abuse the guys movie. It's about time for one of those. I want to go see that. <SEP> And I'm going to try to get in DANCES WITH WOLVES. You haven't. I've heard that is wonderful. I've heard it's wonderful too. But it's just that they are both very long movies. <SEP> And the matinee starts before I can get away from work. And after that I get involved in other things and don't want to go back. <SEP> I've heard that's. We rented the other one. I was trying to think of the other one that we had rented lately was PRESUMED INNOCENT with Harrison Ford. I guess he's in there. <SEP> And I thought that was really good. I saw that. And I can not remember too much about it. It was the one where he was a defense. Not defense. He was a prosecu- -cuter. <SEP> And there was a murder of one of the women that was in the D A - 's office. And then he ended up being accused of it. That's right. I remember now. I remember. <SEP> So it really kind of had a turn at the end when you found out who it was. I've had a hard time enjoying Harrison Ford in anything since the Indiana Jones movies. I think he ought to stay Indiana Jones. I realize that he would like his career to develop. But I don't want to see him in other things. But I tell you Sean Connery in the HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER. I never did care for him in the James Bond movies. I don't know. He was too. I was never into those movies either. I didn't care for the type of movie. But he was always slick and greasy and seemed to be conceited and had more women than he needed. And I didn't like him. But he has really developed into a marvelous character actor as he has come older. <SEP> I thought he looked real good with a beard too. He does. And there's a. I don't know. I think that beard gives him a look that he is always grinning whether he is or not. And he has that merry look about his eyes that looks like he stays in mischief all time. And I enjoy those. And I enjoy some of the Michael J. Fox movies. I didn't care too much for the last one either. It just was not enough to it. <SEP> What was the last one? I'm trying to think. The last. BACK TO THE FUTURE then was the last one. It was called HARD WAY where he was an actor trying to portray a policeman. <SEP> Trying to. And that.