National health insurance is a problem inasmuch as the quality of health care that people would receive. Because the articles that I've read regarding national health service in Canada and England has indicated that. What i-. Stay in line for four hours to get an aspirin from a doctor. <SEP> I'm sort of mixed on this. I think that the answer may lie not in so much a national kind of medical thing like England has but more of a national insurance sort of clearinghouse or whatever. I think that too many. The problem right now is that we've got too many different health insurances that people have to go through. And I think you mentioned Canada. I think that they have a system where the government deals with. You go to whoever you want but file through one particular setup. I see. And that way they are able to reduce prices because it's all one centralized thing. I think that again having gone through a period when I was out of work and had to buy health insurance on my own if you don't have a company picking up the major portion of your health insurance the cost is almost prohibitive. <SEP> <SEP> I was listening on the radio the other day. And they were talking that something like this. I think they were talking about the fact that the money that could be saved in administrative costs and so forth nationwide by consolidating into sort of a national insurance provider could. They could make it provide health insurance to people who couldn't afford it just by the money they would save. We're currently where I'm working now under Blue Cross. I don't know what the total cost of the program is. But for dependent coverage I'm paying a hundred and seventy dollars a month or something like that. <SEP> So I assume that probably the total cost is probably three fifty to four hundred. They're probably picking up about half of it. <SEP> And that's a pretty good policy. But if you had something like one of these health maintenance programs. <SEP> Or one of whatever the type name is H M O where you go to the doctor and it only costs you ten dollars and the insurance picks up the rest. If you tried to buy something like that it would probably be five or six hundred dollars a month for just the cost of something. H M O. <SEP> And they're fairly expensive. I was on an H M O up until last year through work. <SEP> And it was. I forget how much I paid a month. But it is at least twice if not more expensive than the regular health care. And the reason I quite was not because I didn't like it. I really kind of did. The reason I quite was just because a certain doctor that we enjoyed going to was no longer associated with that H M O. So my wife decided she wanted to stay with that doctor. <SEP> So we went to the medical insurance that we have here at work. And I like the convenience of the H M O in a certain respect because it. Once you find the doctor that you like it's not a problem. A lot of people complain saying I don't want to have to be told who I need to go to. But if you don't have a doctor anyway normally it doesn't really make much difference. If you find someone you really like. That's right. <SEP> And then we did find several good doctors. And like you say it's five dollars an office visit. And my wife was in the hospital had our daughter. And I think her total bill was around three hundred dollars for everything. That included the doctors the time the hospital an- everything. Delivery room and everything. Delivery room and everything. <SEP> Including a private room because there was a little extra that she had to pay. But that was still included in that cost. So. <SEP> It's really nice because their attitude is different than in a H M O. They're trying to prevent a problem by keeping the cost down at the front end and have you come in. They charge five dollars. A pop. <SEP> You're more willing to go in and try to take care of a problem before it grows big. As to a company's benefit to have a program like that because it keeps their employees healthy and on the job. <SEP> Because they don't have to worry about going in and paying seventy-five dollars to have the doctor look at you for ten minutes. <SEP> That's a. <SEP> I really liked it. My wife and I both did. You don't have to worry about filling out forms for reimbursement and all or getting paid eight percent of whatever. You just pay the five dollars right then. And then you're done with it. But here again the doctor's practices in hospitals have become fairly sizable businesses under themselves now. <SEP> You take a hospital the physical plant itself. You have to pay your share of the operating of that eight story building when the rooms are empty. So they spread the costs out over all the patient costs. And that's how you come up with aspirin that costs four dollars apiece and things like that. The horror stories that you hear about people going into the hospital for a week and it being a four thousand dollar bill. <SEP> <SEP> They're taking up the cost of people who can't pay. They get a lot of people who just have to be there and can't afford it. And so they know they're not going to get money from them. <SEP> So they have to absorb it somewhere else. My daughter and son-in-law had a baby here about what. <SEP> He'll be three in August. And their insurance plan that they're under encourages you to shorten your stay in the hospital. <SEP> And she went in. She had the baby. And she was out in two days time. And it was treated almost like it was an outpatient visit to the hospital. <SEP> The deductibles didn't apply. And so that's one way the insurance companies are trying to hold costs down is by. If you'll shorten your stay then we will waive the deductible. <SEP> Our insurance is doing something similar where they're also going to mor-.