. Do you have annual family reunions. Or. Our. The. My mother's side of the family was quite large at one time. And they for as long as I can remember have had a yearly reunion. Back early on they used to rotate them to different people's houses in the family. <SEP> And. All local. Were they all in Dallas? This was I am actually from Mississippi. So that's. <SEP> It was around there generally. That's where the family grew. <SEP> Just from city to city then. And it was not only in Mississippi in some other places as well. So. It was a big deal. But they tried to centralize it in one spot. So in the past couple of years they had it at a state park every year. <SEP> We rent a pavilion and do that. And that's usually works out to be pretty good. And they will rent a pavilion on a weekend. And. Do you go back? I have not gone back lately. In fact this past Sunday was the reunion. But I did not get to go. I have. <SEP> Is it choice or just business. Or. Not getting to go. Just the distance involved. And. <SEP> Just not. I have a younger daughter now. And I. It's kind of hard to get her there and everything. But I am going to hopefully next year get to go back cause a lot of the family on my mother's side has not seen my daughter. So. <SEP> Do you have brothers and sisters? I have one brother. So. And is your mother still living? <SEP> So you go back and visit with her anyway. Would you not? Either way there was family reunion time or not. I usually see her a couple times a year. <SEP> So that's no big thing. But I do enjoy the reunions. The only problem is that now originally when we had them they were mainly my mother's. Relatives. Father's. My mother's father's family had quite a few brothers and sisters. <SEP> So it was a large reunion of that group from that descendants. And a lot of those people have. And at time they all knew one another. <SEP> And now it has gotten that a lot of those people have died off. Or what we are left with is the relatives of that group. The next generation. And so it's not quite as close as it used to be. So I think people feel less of a desire to really go. I know that. <SEP> Why do you think that it's less close than it used to be? I just think that at that ti-. When they were a-. Those were all brothers and sisters a lot. Or they were all in the same geographical location. Back around in the twenties and thirties when they were growing up they were all located together in one small community. <SEP>. And when time went on the family grew and moved away and so forth. And now when they come together it's generally. The kids of those people who are not anywhere near one another and I do not think they feel the closeness that used to be there. Which is a shame. <SEP> But that's just how it is. My mother was complaining last year about th-. It's dwindling down every year. I think that's just. Is that just family's lack of priority anymore maybe <SEP> we get so involved in our work lives and just social lives and so forth. That's. I think that's some of it. But I have. I. It's just the way I think society is now is that we do not have the extensive family we used to. <SEP> It's more of a smaller unit. And we tend to try to do things with our immediate family as opposed to the extended family. Of people that we may or may not remember or know very well. <SEP> It really makes an effort to do this anymore. It requires a lot of effort to do that sort of thing. <SEP> I used to enjoy going. I still do kind of enjoy it. But it's not as many people there that I really really enjoy seeing. I. It's going just for the sake of getting together. I think for the family. And. <SEP> Do you correspond with anybody other than your mother and brother that's in that group? On a regular basis not just Christmas cards. Not really. In that. But then again I have some aunts that I do. That's about th-. My mother's sisters. <SEP> But I feel closer to them because I kind of grew up with them. But as for the rest of that group not really. And generally when I was growing up a lot of those people the only time I ever saw them was at the reunion. So. <SEP> You do not really feel that really close to them. In my father's family we get together every year at a different location either Dallas or Oklahoma City. They had chosen Santa Barbara California for this summer and did not get enough people that were willing to go that far because most of us live either in the midwest or in the Texas Oklahoma area. <SEP> So they cancelled that one and are looking next year bringing it back closer. But we have a letter a family letter that circulates. And it usually goes through me twice a year. And what you do is take out the last letter you wrote that's on the bottom and put your new letter on the top. And then that's the way it's kept in order. About twice a year then you are kept up with what is going on and when you meet them at the reunion you do not feel like I do not know anything about this person. You have read something about what is going on and about their children and so forth. That's a good idea. <SEP> So you are kind of half way acquainted that way. And that's been a nice way of keeping us all aware of each other I think. <SEP> We tried to start that in my husband's family. His mother's side decided they were going to have a reunion a couple of years ago. And I said let's start this letter. And it just never. My husband's sisters started it and sent it to us. And that's as far as it got. I sent it on to the next one. <SEP> But we are going in a couple of weeks to the next one in Scottsdale Arizona for that family. We are real glad we got together because since that time there were only one sister and one sister-in-law of the original family left. And the sister-in-law died. And the sister is in a nursing home. So we are glad that we took that opportunity two years ago.