I have. I used to have the opinion that there really was not any more crime in America in the cities anyway than there was in previous centuries before. Simply because. The reason there seems to be so much was the fact that the police now had advanced reporting methods with computers and other devices. Compile more statistics. That's right. And those statistics in turn got them bigger budgets. <SEP> However I have been persuaded lately simply by the overwhelming data that seems to be available that there is indeed a lot more violent crime. More especially where you are. Are you in Washington D C or Washington state? <SEP> I am in Washington D C. I was going to say. It. I do a lot of business here. And I come here quite often. And that again is a sort of media perception there's some absolutely lovely and marvelous and peaceful areas in Washington. Regardless of the racial makeup. <SEP> But it's real. There's pockets of violence that is so violent that they. It just really grabs your attention. <SEP> It just makes the whole place seem like that. Just to focus on that a minute. When Bennett became the drug czar for President Bush he was going to focus on this area and do something about it. And I see that even he was met with little success even though quite a bit of money and other planning efforts went into that. <SEP> What do you think is causing all this. Because it seems that there. Even though. Crime though I think it is increasing in number it sure does seem to be increasing in intensity and violence too. <SEP> I have three theories about it three things. I have one theory. And it's brought to us by two things. One I believe that this is a function of the violence that young people see on television and the movies. And I am not just talking about role models of tough guys and gangsters and things like that. I am not even convinced that maybe things like football hockey and even baseball games where everything is settled with a fight. The immediate need to show some sort of violence to settle the argument. <SEP> And then I am an advocate of hand gun control to some degree. So I think that particularly. I was reading the other day about Corpus Christi Texas which has the highest. I think it's Corpus Christi that had the highest rates per hand gun death in America per capita. <SEP> I have not seen that. But. The Saturday night special stuff. So. That's what I think about it. That's some of the things I think about it. Plus I do not know. What are your views? <SEP> I tend to agree with you with. It seems anymore a movie can not be considered good unless there's just some sort of violence or something in it. And along with that. And then you start making a movie and there's no call for something violent. So they just throw something in there just to say they have it. Exac-. That's the impression I get. <SEP> And I imagine that it just feeds upon itself when we have this sort of violence in society. People want to. It conditions people to it. And you have to amp-. It has to be even magnified to attract people's attention. To have them spend money on something like that. You become callous. <SEP> And I am sure that it does form role models for young men and young women. And. I read now where we are. Young women are arrested fighting with knives over. Whatever reason which is kind of unheard of when I was young. <SEP> I do not want to sound like an old fart. But that's what. Seems that those things did not happen in that manner before television. <SEP> And I have to think that it has some influence on it. But. I listened to a radio talk show today at lunch time Rush Lynn Bottom. <SEP> I do not know if you listen to him or not. He's on A M. But there's a fellow that had called in and was lamenting about the. There was an interview done on the assistant chief of police for Los Angeles the guy under Gates. <SEP> And they were just really coming down on him because of just some of the things that he believed in some of his morals. For instance they asked him if he spanked his kids. And he said `` You bet I believe in discipline''. And people I guess they confused discipline with punishment. <SEP> And just. It seems anymore that if you have this type of a moral stance that people come down on you. It's everybody has to be free to do their own thing. And I disagree. And I think that's really contributing to this high rate of crime. I guess what I wanted to say and I stopped was that there's so much of a return to prison that the rehabilitation programs seem to be a failure. And that is not emphasized. I recognize there's over crowding problems. And since we have decided to put everybody in jail that commits a crime now that's complicated the entire process. What I also think that. I guess it's the reflection of the society where we have so much more mobility and less attachment to. It does not seem to be any responsibility to the community where you live. Or. I do not mean attachment and responsibility. I guess I mean any sort of. <SEP> Nobody feels responsibility to do something. It's I wish they would stop doing that. That's right. I do not know how that's. I do not think it's done by. The changes come simply by statutory nature. I do not know what it really will take. <SEP> And I do not know if I have solutions except to. I am sort of an advocate of having free speech. And I guess to curb. The violence on television and in the movies would be contrary to my beliefs in that. However there does seem to be a. Right now in verbalizing. It does seem to be a higher need for something of that sort. <SEP> And then how many. And the sacrifice is not that great. How many studies have to be done to show that there is a link between what you see and how yo-. <SEP> What you see affects how you think and therefore what you do. I think that's correct. And. But as soon as you start. Texas has always struck me. I have lived in and out of Texas both in the service and short business stints. And it seems to me they are a pretty tough law and order state. But that's a. But yet that does not seem to have effected the amount of violent right in the state. Just citing that. <SEP> Unfortunately you have got a lot of the. A lot of it can be contributed to the racial differences just that we are so close to the border with Mexico. We have got a lot of that influence.