. Tell me about CHINA CRY. <SEP> CHINA CRY was basically the true story written by this lady who was a native Chinese who was raised by Christian parents. And her time frame was prior to the nineteen forty-nine revolution. I see. <SEP> Although she herself had never really accepted Jesus or gone through any of the other Christian portions of the faith repentance baptisms et cetera et cetera. She had always felt a very strong leaning in this direction. And whenever the cultural revolution of nineteen forty-nine occurred and most churches were either banned or all the clergy and so forth were killed or imprisoned and the property confiscated she was safe because she had not officially joined the Christian movement. As she grew up towards maturity her parents. Her dad was a doctor. And he was rather well to do in the old regime. And the communist Chinese didn't like this at all. The bourgeoisie was definitely out of style then. <SEP> Everybody was back to a commonality of one. And so they kept picking at him picking at her mother and finally started picking on her. And getting her to. They were starting to accuse her of crimes and atrocities before the revolution and had her write her own story over and over and over. And the major point of the movie was that she had married this Chinese fellow and was with child when they started this mass court. I think I'm leaving out a portion. She went through college and graduated very high up in her class and had gotten a job as an instructor. And they were starting to have her teach history for the soldiers. When they decided that she needed to start recanting of all of her pre regime crimes as it were. <SEP> Being a child. They kept on and on at her. And in the meantime she and her husband were expecting their own child. And the people kept harassing her over a period of months. And finally they carried her out into the courtyard either really to shoot her or to go through the motions of shooting her or executing her by firing squad. <SEP> And the Lord just said no. This is not going to happen even though this lady has not really. She's one of mine. She is not going to die. And the soldiers were blinded when they shot. And her life was spared. And this frightened the commandant. And so he called this kind of stuff off and just put her in the labor camp. <SEP> And course here's this woman who is heavy with child dragging rocks around. She put in for going to. And her husband had escaped to Hong Kong. And then she put in to go see him. And over time she. Finally through her perseverance and writing enough letters to enough different people embarrassed enough of the middle bureaucracy that they finally let her go. <SEP> And of course she had to walk. They stripped her of everything practically besides the clothes on her back. So she went across the border to her husband and other child that they'd already had to freedom. <SEP> And they knew that she wasn't going to come back. But she did years later when the liberalization of China happened. And she was not persecuted or anything else like that. Interesting story. <SEP> It was. Very moving too. I don't even remember seeing that advertised. And it was probably here and gone fairly quickly. It was within ninety days. That recent. <SEP> It was advertised over a period of about ninety days. I see what you mean. But it wasn't. They didn't have it in too awfully many movie houses. But it was in the. It had large press release. I guess what I saw most recently was sort of light by comparison. <SEP>. My husband and I had this great desire to go see a comedy. And we ended up going to see GREEN CARD. <SEP> GREEN CARD? GREEN CARD. And he chose it. And it's got this wonderful French actor who's. It was his. And he's been a star in France and a wonderful actor who we've enjoyed for years. But he's never made an American film. This was his American film debut. <SEP> I see. And he speaks very broken English. And basically he played a Frenchman who married an American girl in a marriage of convenience so that he could get his green card which is what an alien needs to work in this country. <SEP> And because she could claim she was married she could get an apartment or a condominium in a very exclusive building in New York that had an outside garden which is very unusual there. So she was a horticulturist. And that was sort of her dream. <SEP> I see. Of course they got married. And they never saw each other again. Except fate through them together. And the Immigration and Naturalization Service started investigating. So they had to get back together and get their stories straight. <SEP> And she was a very svelte sophisticated urban New Yorker. And he was a poor Frenchman who had grown up on the streets and sort of pulled himself up by his bootstraps and claimed to be a composer. But there was no proof whatsoever that he really was. <SEP> He'd been working in a restaurant when they met. And they had to learn all about each other basically in a weekend. <SEP> Just then. And it was. You knew what was going to happen of course. That they would fall in love. They fell into like at any rate. And when they went to the query or inquisition or whatever they did perfectly. <SEP> And then he said something because his English was so poor for the most part. He was so proud of himself for giving all the correct answers that on the last one he said I never remember that answer. And that clued the investigator that he had memorized a series of answers. So.