This is the season for vacations. And I guess for places I like to go I enjoy going to the beach and being outdoors somewhere. Someplace that's very different than Texas. And I. Maybe as the summer heat comes along I would sort of like going somewhere where it's not so hot. And being able to be outside enjoy outside activities. So. <SEP> Enjoy going places where. I enjoy playing tennis. So I like to have a tennis court there. Or if it's at the beach the beach is great. A pool is great. And I. Where do you usually go? Let's see. We have plans this year to drive up to Colorado. <SEP> And we will be going to Estes Park and Colorado Springs. So. One year we went to the southwest corner of Colorado into Durango and north of the area there. <SEP> And I. That's a nice place to visit. It's really nice at. There's a nice nice train ride that goes up to the city of Silverton where they used to do a lot of silver mining. And then actually north of that is another town on a smaller scale than Silverton. And then there's lots and lots of mountains that are covered with boulders. <SEP> So I guess people Jeep through that area. And we did not have a chance to do that. But I sure would like to go back there and do that again. We have not had a vacation in several years. So be our first chance in awhile. We are going to go to Destin Florida which is a very nice beach area if you are not familiar with it. I have not been. But I have heard it's wonderful. <SEP> It's gorgeous. We used to go quite a bit before I moved out here. We were closer and used to go almost every summer and rent a condo there on the beach. There's a lot of development of condominiums there on the beach front. So they are very very large condos. And they have quite a few rooms so we will usually rent one for about a week or so. And. And the beach is nice. <SEP> Go down. The beach is really nice isn't it. <SEP> It's beautiful white sand and very clear blue green water and a lot of nice waves usually. Sea shells. <SEP> Enough to make it. I am sorry. Sea shells. There's not as many sea shells along there. That's the only thing that they really do not. They have some but not so much. <SEP> If you go further down you will usually find some but not right in there. I do not know why it is. But it just. It seems not to have as many right there. But we enjoy it. It's. We usually stay at the same place every year. And they are like I say right on the beach. So. Where do you stay? My husband always wants to go to Destin. We just have not gone that direction yet. It's a place called Jetty East J E T T Y E A S T. And it's called that because it's at the very end of a jetty there which is sort of at the end of this little little point. <SEP> And it's at the very end. It's the last set of condominiums there. And it's very nice. It's not very expensive. You can. I think we are going to go with another couple and their kids. And we have a three bedroom or two bedroom uh condominium which will sleep quite a few about six or eight. Cause it's got pull out couches and all that. And I think it's going to cost us per couple about three hundred dollars for the week. That's nice. <SEP> It really is. Because it has got its own full size kitchen and everything. And this one has two baths. And it's. The one we got is on the beach side. So. <SEP> We have got a beautiful view and balcony. And just. It's really a nice stay. In fact we stayed there on our honeymoon. I had won a trip to the Bahamas but did not get to take it on our honeymoon time. So we instead went there and loved it just as much as if we had gone to the Bahamas. In fact we stayed an extra day or so because we liked. The particular suite we had gotten was very nice. And so we decided to stay. <SEP> But it's a pretty nice place. You will need to try to go and stay there sometime. We have just. <SEP> It's a little far from here. But. Are you driving? <SEP> We are. We are. It will take a day and a half to get there probably. So. We are. The neighborhood that we live they are switching to an alternate calendar this year. So it. Starting at the end of July we will have two vacation weeks in October and two vacation weeks in March. <SEP> So that will be an interesting turn on vacations for our family. So I. What does that mean alternate? It's. What it truly is supposed to mean is nine weeks of school three weeks of vacation nine weeks of school three weeks of vacation. <SEP>. And in the summer would be more like a two month break. <SEP> And they hope to boost the learning of the children. Just the retention of the material for them. I see. So. <SEP> Kind of scattering the vacation throughout the year. So it's. Anyway so maybe within a year we will see how that falls. <SEP> We will head for Florida maybe in somewhat of an off season instead of summer. <SEP> That's probably all we need to do today. <SEP> Thanks a lot.