. This is Betty. And I'm in Richardson Texas. <SEP> I'm Nola. And I'm in Plano. Here we go. I guess we're going to have a lot of parades this weekend in honor of these guys that did some stuff over in the Gulf. <SEP> Did you push one? I haven't pushed one yet. I just. <SEP> But I think it's. I just started doing this. So I don't know too much about it. We're just sort of getting acquainted here. I just wanted to see if you had an opinion about this. Or. <SEP> So if that's okay with you then I'll just press one. That will be fine. <SEP>. If I start this I just wanted to say that one of the things that I don't think we really understood about the middle eastern situation is that they're a totally different type of people than we are. And they think differently. And their idea of what is justice is totally different from ours. And right now I think that that's been proven in the fact that they have just. Anyway I just think that the United States policy over there. I think we should just leave them alone. I really do. In a major way because that whole region over there needs to settle its own differences within itself. And that's the course that they should go. We can maybe help them a little bit prompt them. But I don't think this intervention at such high levels should be going on. The thing with Israel and Palestine I believe that should be settled between them. And also the other thing is our idea of democracy has nothing to do with them. I'm talking about the whole middle ea-. And maybe this is too general. But I just believe that they do not look at democracy the same way we do. They don't understand it as we don't understand the way they live. <SEP> And so trying to put a square peg in a round hole is just. I don't think that that's the way to go in this. And. That's a couple thoughts on it. I guess I'd like you to maybe express something here. <SEP> I think overall that's right. I think it's kind of sad though that for generations they've been taught to hate each other. And i-. If. Somewhere in there someone's going to have to learn a different way. That's. <SEP> An I think that. We do have completely different ways of looking at a lot of things. But at the same time I think there is a lot of good that the United States and other countries can do as far as example. And I think some different things could come from what's happened than what we expect. I guess we could be a catalyst for their change. I. The war has certainly sort of set things on end over there. And I don't think we'd be talking about this unless there had been a war. That was one thing that came out of it good or bad. I don't judge any war as good or bad. It's just a war. <SEP> And I don't see any winners or losers. I just see dead bodies. I'm sorry. But I just think you're right. And I think maybe it's at a whole different level of them trying to cooperate and get along. It's not going to be that we're going to sort of tell them to go to their room. And that's going to solve the whole problem. It's going to be them. <SEP> But that's the type of thing they understand. They don't understand any other way. And. <SEP> And so at that you have to work at their level to an extent too. It's. That's true too. I. <SEP> They wouldn't have understood anything else than what we did in the war. They understand violence. There was nothing else. They love violent leaders to. Look at the leader they had. They just adored him because he was so strict and cruel. <SEP> And for a while there he had them be-. I can't figure out why they adored him. It has a lot to do with their religion. I got to say that over there. <SEP> And I know this only because from personal experience that I'm speaking of this. Because I've traveled around town with different cab drivers in a situation where I've done that. And one of the kindest people I've ever met in my whole life is from that area of the country. And he is abounding in kindness let's say. And his wife is so godly every thought. They have a totally different life than we have. <SEP> And when you add the commercialization of the western world it sort of screws everything up for them. And they have very basic life. It's just a very basic life. And they just really believe in Allah or God or whatever. <SEP> And everything is to the glory of Allah. And it's almost like. What's sad is that the leaders that have control are power. That's see using that. <SEP> And they abuse that. And it's always been military. And it's always been. And that's always been the way of the world. Don't you think. <SEP> Which I think that that's not the way the majority of the people over there really are. So it's really hard when you see the leaders compared to the people. But I think in a way all the involvement over there too though has shown that there are a lot of people that don't follow what those few are doing. And there are a lot of people who are good people. <SEP> There's. And I think we may not have ever have seen that without some of these newspeople being in there in the broadcasts and. And surrendering. That was. <SEP> And the. It just really comes down to people are people. You have to have some compassion some humanness. That's right. Doesn't matter where the boundaries are. There are political boundaries. And those are man made boundaries. But for heaven sakes that's something that's been going on for ages. <SEP> And I think so much of it is what you're taught. That's true. They teach their children in such a way that.