What do you think is the biggest problem? The biggest problem in this part of town seems to be the attitude and the atmosphere in the schools that you can throw money at it. <SEP> But it's. I don't know. To me it seems like the schools are reflecting society in a bigger way because the general values that we're teaching kind of conflict with what we expect out of people in school. <SEP> Do you think it's the values that they're teaching in school or the values they get from home. The values more or less at home and the T V just a general. Learning is not a revered endeavor really. It's a lot more. It's socially unacceptable. But whereas in a person that stud-. They put a lot more emphasis on athletics. And things like that are a lot more glorified generally in society. And I think that carries over to school a lot. <SEP> So. I think that the biggest problem is with the home environment being part of it. If. I think too many parents expect the school to teach the moral aspects of things to the kids while we're not going to worry about teaching you manners or teaching you respect for anyone or anything like that and then expect them to pick it up at school. You're not going to do that. You're going to carry to school out into the world what you learned at home. And I think that that part of that showing up now with things because kids have probably less respect for people in other things than we may have seen in the past. And part of it's the family I think. And part of it's the living conditions certain people are subjected too. Drugs is a big problem now. And I think that's another root problem. <SEP> I wonder if that's a root problem or not. Because I think about that a lot. And it's just like everybody likes to blame everything on drugs now. But I wonder. Do you get the. That's kind of side tracked. But I just remember seeing on the news the other night they had the thing about how Catholic schools are doing so much better. I thought of course they're doing better and not so much when I was growing up. Catholic schools are generally considered a little bit easier than the public schools. But they still had a better success rate simply because they started with a lot better raw material. Everybody that went to a Catholic school at least had education as a priority like you said and kind of had a whole conducive atmosphere to it. <SEP> And I wonder if not so much that. I think like you say it's the socioeconomic mix. They're. You look at the schools like that where you've got a lot of kids that might be more well off going to a private Catholic school or whatever. And they're not all that way. But some that are they're not quite the same as the kids that are going to the inner city public schools. <SEP> This is interesting because in my mind I don't have the stereotype of a Catholic school being a suburban kind of environment. But this was actually inner city. <SEP> People were sending. Just because their kids had the ability and the drive to try and get an education they didn't send him to a public school. Like you said you have the drug problem and just the general atmosphere where you're pressured not to learn in instance. In a lot of cases like that if kids are going to a public parochial school like that it's because the parents are more interested in them receiving an education. I think it shows that the parents have some desire for the kid to do well. And that may be passed on down to the kid as well. And maybe they pick up on that. And then from the other aspect maybe the school itself has more emphasis on trying to do a good job because the classes may be smaller. They may be able to give the resources that's needed to do a good job. <SEP> I mean. And what would you do to fix the school systems? That's a tough question how to fix the school system. With. I would try to see about getting parents more involved with try to come up with more ways to do that. Stress the importance of education to both the parents and the students and more classes that are. And I think this is happening some around the country in terms of morals trying to teach the kinds of things that aren't getting taught at home and respect for other people. I think that's a big part of it. People. If you don't care about property and people you're not going to care about learning. <SEP> You're not going to really care about yourself. That's what I was going to say. It's the chicken and the egg thing. I wonder a lot of times people literally tear apart their own schools vandalism wise. <SEP> And you get. It's been a while since I been in high school. They're even in grade school when they do that. But I can't remember exactly what goes through their head when they're doing that. But you got to think in a way it's kind of a outward showing of that they don't think they have a chance of doing anything and take it out on the school. And I. But that's not an easy task. That's why I say it's a tough question what would you do. Because even trying to instill those values is kind of hard when you're growing up in a home which may be just the pits. And you don't have any kind of a good environment to live in. It's kind of hard to say you need to take care of other people's stuff as well when you barely have anything yourself. So. I could see where that would be a problem. And I think it's.