Ed. <SEP> Books. Actually I am reading a couple of different books. One is a story. It is not a story. It is a collection of memos supposedly written by Howard Hughes. That was. It came out a couple of years ago. And I have just now gotten around to reading it. I have had it a couple years. But jus-. Who wrote that? <SEP> I do not remember the man's name. He used to be a reporter for the NEW YORK TIMES or the WASHINGTON POST one of the two. And he supposedly was contacted by this guy who had these memos he wanted to sell. And they were ones that had supposedly been stolen from the corporate headquarters in Los Angeles. They on. Romain Drive or Romain Street or something there in Los Angeles. They. Had a big warehouse kind of thing which had offices. And it was sort of nondescript for the size of the company which inside was basically a store house of a bunch of stuff he collected. He was a great collector of everything. He did not throw anything away. And supposedly this guy had been breaking there for awhi-. He was a burglar had been breaking there awhile And had ended up. I see. <SEP> He had some accomplices that were kind of suspect. And they broke in one night and found a bunch of memos that were supposedly from Hughes to his main assistant back in the fifties and in the sixties up until his death. That is interesting. <SEP> It's pretty interesting work. So. That is an intriguing type of book to be reading and trying to keep up on things like that. It's a little hard. You have to plod through it. And it does not have a real story or any plot. <SEP> You just kind of have to read and understand what is going on. And they have not made a movie of the week of it yet. I have not seen it. <SEP> But it is real interesting. I also reading thi-. It's another old book that I happen to have. I am sort of rereading it. It's a book about the Bermuda Triangle. But it's a real good book that a guy wrote who was a research librarian. He wrote sort of debunking many of the stories about the Bermuda Triangle. He was thinking many of the myths of the triangle actually could be explained. <SEP> Explained. And the reason I picked it back up was in light of when they found the airplanes in the Atlantic thinking they were Flight Nineteen. And I don't know if you are familiar with that at all. But it's. Flight Nineteen was a collection of a flight of five Navy adventures at the end of World War Two. Right after World War Two. And they were lost. And. Supposedly scooped up by the triangle. <SEP> They were. And in the book even. He wrote this book back in the seventies. And even then he had a very good case for the fact they probably just got lost and they ditched in the water. And because he goes through and brings out points from the Navy's findings and so forth. And it's probably real close to what everyone is thinking now that they just got turned around and could not find their way back. On that same topic have you ever read anything about the Amelia Earhart story whatever happened with her? <SEP> I have not. I think that would be. I am sure there is something out there. I would like to too. Because it's a lot of things coming up here lately about her possibilities of where she. I thought she was a prisoner of war or something for like ten years. <SEP> Whatever this is one aspect of it. Of course it is so weird. Cause no one will ever really know. Tha-. But it's entertaining. And it makes you think about things. <SEP> That is for sure. That is pretty much for right now. That is what I have been reading. <SEP> I kind of like to read different stuff. And I like to read a novel every now and then. But I am trying to get away from just reading novels all the time. I guess I just have not read anyth-. Usually if I find a good book I will sit for two days until it is finished. If it's that good. And I think the last one I read like that was Scott Thurow's. And that was PRESUMED INNOCENT. <SEP> And I just really really liked the way he writes. It's just incredible. I read that too. I got it right after it came out. <SEP> My. He was an assistant district attorney in Chicago while he was writing the book. And my sister-in-law lives in Chicago. And before it actually got big she sent me this book saying you might like this. This guy is from here. <SEP> And I read it and really liked it. And then about. That is when it really got big. So I. That was good I think. And the other book was in the last year. And I think I did read Tom Wolfe and VANITY. <SEP> BONFIRE OF THE VANITY. BON. I have not read that although I have heard it is pretty good. <SEP> I. That was really really good. The movie was nothing compared to the book. That is what I have heard. And. <SEP> I saw the movie. And. The movie was a joke compared to. Because Tom Wolfe is so perceptive when it comes to pinpointing society's ills and things like that and just nailing people to the wall and exposing things. <SEP> And so it was a much more intense book than the sort of flimflam that they cast off in the movie. <SEP> I know. And we are not talking about that. But I like to read gardening books and things like that. Just to tell me what to do with my garden. And. <SEP> I have a lot of computer books that. I do computer work. And so I have a lot of those. So I spend a lot of time looking through those not necessarily reading them but looking through them. But I'm interested in a lot of that. But I have got a lot of books that I intend to read. But I have not been able to yet for one reason or another. What is a book on your list. I have a list too. And I have never gotten to it. <SEP> I do not really have a list. Cause I just have all the books out. I have book shelves. And I have them all out. And usually when I am through with one I will go in and look through. I have one now and I can not remember the name of it that I got is. The sister-in-law in Chicago usually for my birthday or Christmas or something will send me another good book. And sh-. I have one. And I can not remember the name of it. It is supposed to be a mystery.