Steve did you go to college? In fact I'm still going. That's good. So you probably could give some great advice. <SEP> I don't know about that. But in fact I'm in the process of trying to choose a P H D school. What's your interest. Your. <SEP> Computer science and cognitive science. So. That's similar to what. I'm in a P H D program right now. <SEP> I see. And my area of expertise it's information systems which is a little bit less technical than computer science. But my area of expertise is human computer interaction. And I think that's one reason why I'm part of this study because I'm working with voice systems. <SEP>. So good luck. I guess we should talk about giving advice though. What type of advice do you think you'd give to a parent? To a parent? <SEP> The thing is when you're a kid and the kid at that age especially if they're going into undergraduate it seems like they think they know what they want. <SEP> And choosing from my experience I thought I know what I want a lot more than my parents know what I want. But I don't know. At the same time you have to decide what is important about the school. The size of it or. I think that's more important probably than even the career vocation because most people change. <SEP> I know very few people that started in one field and stayed with it. They. I think that's what you just said having to do more with the size of the school the environment of the school. I think that's much more important. I'd advise a parent to send a kid to a school though that has a number of different types of programs. That some of the smaller schools might be very limited in what they can offer. But some of the larger small schools I guess around three or four thousand students can offer a broader range of curriculums and things. So if the kid does change they don't have to transfer. Or they don't have to. I don't know they don't have to give up years of credit transfer and things. <SEP> That's disruptive. I normally. And parents hate to hear this. Because I actually teach college. I hate to talk to the parents. One of the reasons is because the kid doesn't know exactly what they want. And I always say make sure you major in something that you like even if it's not going to be your career vocation because you'll get better grades. <SEP> I think most employers would probably rather hire a three six in history to be a salesman than someone with a two oh in business administration. <SEP> Does that make sense? I see what you're saying. I always tell them that you should major in something you're going to get good grades in. Because that's always more important overall. <SEP> I don't know. Give me five minutes. You're at the office now? <SEP> At work? I'm just getting ready to go to lunch. That's like what we were saying though. Would you advise a private school or a public school. It would. <SEP> What's the trade off there. What. I tell you. I live in Maryland. And the public schools here are pretty good. I teach at a public school actually. And I know that the S A T scores for our admitting freshmen are higher than a lot of the private schools. And I would full time at a public school. And then right now I'm teaching part time at a Catholic institution. <SEP> I see. And I think I'm getting a better caliber of student at the private school because I think their parents pay more. And I think the kids are a little bit more challenged because their parents are probably college educated. Where at the public school I don't think as many parents are college educated. And I think because it costs less the kid doesn't take it quite as serious. Th-. It's the minimal cost. But I think you can get a good education at public or private. But I think you can also get a bad education at public or private. I. You have to look around at the school. I think the bad part is that most parents or kids don't know what to look for. <SEP> I think I would agree with that. In fact I'm going through the same thing where in graduate school I was trying to choose. A particular institution might be better for my area. <SEP> The University of Small Town in Arkansas or something might have some top specialists in my area. <SEP> Yet if I go to U of I or C M U or any big name school my quality of education might not be that much better. But it's the same thing. There's what will the name recognition get me kind of thing. <SEP> Does it have a big ten football team. Or. <SEP> That's usually the basic criteria. Is it a PAC ten school. But I think. I'm at the University of Maryland so in this region though I go to a smaller branch of the University of Maryland my diploma will still say University of Maryland. <SEP> It doesn't differentiate on my diploma though I would put it on my resume what program I went to. But I think I'm actually at a smaller program. I'm not at the big College Park campus. That's the big one with the football team. So I think you're right that there's difficult decisions there based on name recognition. When I first was applying for graduate schools I applied to some big programs in this area like Stevens Institute of Technology which is recognized in the Northeast as one step below M I T in a sense. <SEP> So it's got big name recognition in this area a big science school no football team but a big science school. And technical people know that. But I don-. I think you're right. You really have to think about that for the job. I went to a very small state college when I got my bachelor's. And when I. I was in education at first when I was looking for jobs. I was going to be a teacher. I was just a high school teacher. So most people recognized that institution because it was a teaching school sort of. <SEP> But then when I went for graduate work or for a new job people said to me Shippensburg State where is that. And when I went into higher education even at other universities they weren't aware of it. <SEP> So I think yeah. That's important. I think it depends on if you want a regional job or a national job. You need that first job or so out of school too. <SEP> I guess another thing that concerns me is it seems like everybody today is still in that job market. And where was I at? In going to school you get taught the things you learn in school. But there is also a whole other dimension the growing up while you're going to school part. And actually in the Midwest especially a lot of the schools like University of Missouri will have a main campus like Columbia which is big multi disciplinary. <SEP> And they'll have a satellite campus usually in a smaller town that specializes in the technical field. So you've really sacrificed some social exposure to different groups and everything. <SEP> Depending on your technical areas. I could see that. But I know that at University of Maryland where I am in a P H D program I haven't even met someone outside of my area of information systems except for.