The weather certainly has been hot. And it's been humid. I don't remember a year in a long time that the humidity has stayed up this high this late into. It's not really late into the summer. But the humidity has hung around all of June. Are you native to this area? I grew up in Michigan. But I've been in Texas for fifteen years. <SEP>. But I know the summers get hot. But it certainly. <SEP> This humidity has just really hung on there. It seemed like last year was so strange having all those heavy heavy rains in April. And this year we really didn't have heavy rains until May. Kind of pushed the season back a little farther. And now it's kind of lingering with kind of still a bit of humidity. And it just tried to rain. I was coming in from my car just a few minutes ago. And it was trying to rain which seems strange to have it raining in July. <SEP> Normally we don't have too much humidity or rainy time when it's past June. That's right. That's right. I can remember it not. It's really August that it happens. You get those great big cracks in the ground where it's been so dry. And it just gets so dry. And the earth opens up. I can remember the first year I moved here. <SEP> And it didn't rain. I moved here in late August. And it didn't rain from August until December. And I went home and told it just doesn't rain in Texas. It was great after growing up in Michigan and every day was cloudy. Almost every day was cloudy. And you sort of forget how much it did rain. And coming here and then it didn't rain. It was just wonderful. <SEP> I lived in Ohio mainly. I lived in Pontiac just a little while before I came down here. And so many times when you were trying to schedule outdoor activities you just never knew if it was going to be a go or not because of the weather. It might rain on your little parade. That's right. That's right. <SEP> And here it was like pretty much you could schedule some activity outside anytime. And you really didn't have too much of a chance of it getting rained out. You could pretty much do whatever you wanted to do. That's right. <SEP> What part of Michigan were you living in? I grew up in Dearborn which is a suburb of Detroit. <SEP> You probably know where that is because I know where Pontiac is. So. <SEP> What brought you down here? A teaching job. So you teach in Plano schools? I did for a while. So I'm home with two children. So. <SEP>. New career. New career. <SEP> But. So that kind of. I had been down here to visit. So I school and said let's find a place that has a nice job. And that's how it worked out. I think a lot of people were leaving Michigan all about the time I came here in the early eighties. And it seemed like it was almost a mass exodus. <SEP> You know the little joke about will the last person leaving Michigan just turn out the light. It's a nice place. That's a nice place though. I said I lived in the Pontiac. I didn't live in the city of Pontiac. I lived to the west of it. I forget the county. But where all the lakes are around there. Sort of. <SEP> I lived in an apartment complex on one of the lakes. It was real close to where I worked. It was only four miles to work. And it was wonderful being on the lake like that. In the summer you feel like you're on a vacation all the time because you're right on a lake. And everybody's out enjoying the water and such. And in the winter time the lakes froze over. You could still kind of go sledding and such out there. But I thought it was just really neat to be out there on all those lakes. There's lots of really small ones out there. Maybe a mile two long. <SEP> That's enough to do some boating. That's right. And it was lots of fun. That's right. I think Lake Whitmore is the only one I have real memories of. Which is. <SEP> I think it's toward Ann Arbor. So it's probably out in that direction. But that's the only one I probably could name after all these years. But. <SEP> But it was just lots of little lakes. And of course it was a little more expensive to live on the lake. But I just thought that was grand. And I think a lot of people didn't really know that there were all those lakes out there unless you were from that area and kind of spotted them. But there was quite a few lakes all around there. It was almost like you were living on an island. There was so much water around where I was. I said I wasn't close to downtown Pontiac. I was way out to the west maybe four or five miles from the city limits. And it was really nice out there. <SEP> We had Pine Knob to go skiing and stuff. <SEP> So there were things around there. Really was pretty nice. And isn't that where they have a summer music festival there too? <SEP> In the summertime they have musicals there. And in the winter time they make snow and have a ski slope. That's right. That's right. I know we used to. We didn't do a lot of it. But. We did. So those are always fun. And Alpine was it Alpine was another ski slope that we went to. <SEP> So It was nice. I always tell people that in the winter we used to. My dad would kind of bank up the snow in the backyard and turn the hose on make a pond in the backyard for us. <SEP> But we probably did some ice skating on it. But then it chipped. And it would melt or whatever and get pretty uneven. So. We used to have a. Christmas time some of our relatives would come up from Alabama. And I think most times we would have snow around Christmas. And the kids when they were young would just go nuts. <SEP> Because they were from Alabama where it never snowed. And they just had a grand time watching the snow and getting out there and playing in it eternally. <SEP> If only it would make nice snow here in Texas we'd be okay at Christmas time. My first winter here. I came down in early eighty-two. And there was just a freak snowfall early one morning in December couple days before Christmas. It lasted only a few hours. By noon it was gone. <SEP> And I remember getting up and somebody telling me better wait to go to work because the roads are all snow. And I was laughing going that's a good practical joke. <SEP> They said really there's snow. And there was but a very short time. And the weather got warm so quick. It just melted it all away. I know. <SEP> Course when we get an ice storm that's not too much fun. That's not fun either. So I just as soon have all the slushy snow on the streets than have the ice on the streets. But we have. Our house is kind of on a little hill. So we get the sled out. And the kids go down the hill on the sleds when it's icy. They just go down the ice. <SEP> And if it's cold we say out you go. I think we must be the only people on the block that make use of that cold weather and get out there. <SEP> I think it's fun. Even the couple of ice storms I've gotten out there in my ski pants or something and still just been out and enjoying it a little bit. Sometimes the ice is pretty bad. But if you get on the grassy kind of part you get a little bit of traction not slip and fall. First.