How do you feel about capital punishment? It's. I am pretty much against it. <SEP> How about you? I'm pretty much for it. We can have a debate. We'll have some interesting discussion I guess. <SEP> I don't know. I think that I. One of the reasons that I'm against it is that I'm afraid of someone losing their life wrongly. Wrongfully. <SEP> And another reason. One of the arguments that I really actually have been kind of ambivalent about it but one of the arguments that really made me feel kind of strongly against it is that someone said to me once imagine if the person you love most in the world like your mother or something if someone killed her wouldn't you want to see them killed for the punishment? But then I thought about it. And I thought the loss that I would feel at losing my mother someone else would feel that about that person no matter how rotten they were somebody loves them. It would never be equal. <SEP>. <SEP> How about you? I guess I can see it from several different perspectives. But when I hear about things like what they've been reporting about in Milwaukee to me I don't see any way of rehabilitating the guy. Maybe there is I don't know. That's true. And he's never going to be to me a functioning part of society. He's already been either paroled or whatever for child molestation. <SEP> I don't know. I really have a hard time with that because he really sounds like a real sicko. And for the things he's done. I don't know. I guess it's either put him in jail for the rest of his life or capital punishment. That's true because a lot of these conversations I've had on this program these telephone conversations have revolved around criminal justice. And-. <SEP> <SEP>. Or whatever. And most of the time I hear myself saying we don't have enough room left in the jails. And people crime is still climbing. <SEP> And we need to have different punishments. But I just am scared of capital punishment I guess. I can underst-. <SEP> You know there is always that chance. But I guess to some people it'd almost be better to die to them than to spend life in prison or whatever I don't know. But that would be a situation where if somebody you know was gon na be. You really throw a lot on the courts hopefully that they won't do that for any situation really. But when you find somebody just like that situation it was disgusting when I read about it today. And when you find someone like that that you know is guilty I guess I have a hard time feeling merciful toward him. And. <SEP> Especially when it's so far removed. If it's no one that I know then you have to think about the taxpayers paying the shelter and feed and clothe them for the rest of their life. <SEP>. <SEP> And trying to rehabilitate him too. And. Letting him out again. And nobody wants that. <SEP> Everybody would be just as scared to death. We've had a real problem here in Texas with prison overcrowding. And they've been releasing people left and right. And they've committed murders and rapes and everything else. And you just think where's the justice here. They're not even having to serve out what they should be serving. <SEP> That's true. I just recently moved to Massachusetts. I'm not sure what their policy is on capital punishment. And that was one of the questions. But I do know that they are notorious for paroling people. When. And then having them reconvicted for violent crimes. <SEP> And I guess they said do you think it should be restricted? I guess if. Because a lot of states do still practice capital punishment. <SEP> I guess violent crimes would be the crimes where I can see it making the most sense. Violent crimes with just malicious intent. That's exactly I'm not saying I think capital punishment is the perfect solution in every case especially because there are some cases when you just don't know. And I think there's a shadow of a doubt like with this guy in Milwaukee. It. He pretty much confessed to it. They. Just everything cannibalism and everything else. <SEP> I really would have a hard time especially if I was on a jury not wanting him to be executed. Hang? Because that's just awful. <SEP> And what is he going to do prison to the other people? I have a hunch that the other prisoners aren't going to be too happy with him anyway. Either. They. I don't know. From what I hear about jail life is not any way to live. But I don't know. It's just. <SEP> I saw on a human interest story or whatever today there was a woman who was just being paroled and trying to make it back. She was off drugs and everything. But she said in prison you can get anything. You can any drugs you want. There's. It's just like being outside. People find ways around. <SEP> And there's a power structure that you have bow to. And for some people who have been there for over and over and over it really isn't as bad. There's. It's not that bad of a life as it should be for the punishment aspect. <SEP> But the society is turned against punishment and more towards rehabilitation. And maybe that's one of the reasons why crime has gone up because it's not so scary anymore. That. Especially like repeat offenders. It just appalls me that they even get a ten year sentence and be out in two or three or four years. That's scary because I think we're paroling them without even knowing if they're going to be committing any more violent acts or not. <SEP> And what they're going to be doing when they get out. And it's really scary. I me-. I don't know what the perfect solution to that is. But I know that especially with violent crimes where you're nearly a hundred percent convinced that they're guilty and without much repentance or anything else then I guess I just really don't see much use for this guy in Milwaukee. For instance that's just. I could see capital punishment in a case like that. And for other people too that do things like that. But when. My wife and I are both participating in this survey. And she picked up the phone. And when she heard the topic she said capital punishment. So she was. <SEP> Handed it to you? Luckily it was for me. Because they coordinate the times so it can only be one or the other. <SEP> I see. So she tried to enter her number. And it wouldn't work. So she said it's for you. But I don't know. I struggle with it. But I really think that in terms of like this I think that it might not be such a bad thing. Because I don't know that anybody would feel good if you let someone like that loose in your community. I'm su-. You'd have to be scared to death. <SEP> Maybe. If they had more money or more resources to work more on rehabilitation. Deep down I think every human.