. I guess first of all I could have asked that before. <SEP> Do you have children? Because I didn't know if that would make a difference in how you felt. <SEP> What do you think about the proposal that all young Americans should spend a year or two. I think it's a good idea. I think everybody should put in their time so to speak for the good of the nation and for the good of themselves. I think it's. Would everyone grow up and mature and realize what this country's all about. <SEP> I just. I guess that's something that my family has always believed strongly in. And I had opportunities in high school to work in some programs. Did you? <SEP> And I agree with what you said that it benefits the person doing it so much I don't think they realize. <SEP> And I think it gives you a better perspective on life. And it gives you a little bit more a glimpse of the real world. And it would certainly help the country too. <SEP> I think that's probably like quite a few things that the kids maybe not so much nowadays but used to go through. They did things for people for their communities for their families for their friends where now I'm not sure they really do. <SEP>. I think sometimes through groups and organizations. When they asked the question I thought that sounds wonderful. And then I wondered if people were unwilling. But I think even if you went in with a negative attitude I don't think it would stay negative very long. But I do know through some organized groups like Scouts and church they do still have opportunities. <SEP> That's probably true. <SEP> But I think that's a small number could. But even through those groups do you think that they participate as much as maybe they used to? Not as much as I remember growing up. And that was something in the fifties and sixties seemed more common in the last two decades. <SEP> I think that's probably true. But. I think it's probably more true still in the smaller communities then in the larger cities. <SEP>. Where abouts do you live? What part of the country? I live in Richardson right now. Which is just. <SEP> We're in Plano. So we're not far apart. One of the calls I'd gotten before was down to Austin. And I know a friend of mine talked to someone in the midwest. So I know there is the possibility that it could be out of the area. <SEP> I hadn't even thought about it being out of the area. But you're right. I grew up in a real small town in Florida. I mean a real small town. And I think it was just. Of course it was back in the fifties. And I think it was real prevalent back then. I think people thought more of others than they do now. As far as doing things for them and then gaining benefits from it. <SEP> And maybe this would be a way to get that feeling back. If we've lost some of that. And it seems in the last decade or two that's true. Maybe that's a way. If young people had to do it maybe that would start the trend back because that's one of the things I always thought was a wonderful part of our country. Is helping others. <SEP> I do to. I do to. I'm not sure that today's kids would go for it though. I think you would have to start younger. <SEP> I don't know how young you'd have to go. But I think by the time they're early teenagers anyway I think it's too late now. At least around here. I think it does help even preschoolers. They're things even just starting around the home. <SEP> Little ones can do a little bit to help the family. And just watching the parents do things too it can start a pattern. There's always something no matter how young. And then that helps develop that attitude. I guess I would really like to see this happen with families more. I think this is certainly a possible way to handle it. But I wish. That's something that I think that has been lost in families. And I think that's a good place to start again. I think it has to start in the families first because if you don't do it for your own immediate family you're sure not going to do it for anybody else. <SEP> And I do think the schools. If you're trying to do something even with food drives. And sometimes what Richardson and Plano both. When you live in areas like that where there's so much they don't realize what a small percentage of the world that is. That's. I'm sure not even one percent of the world is as fortunate as these areas. And it's. That's probably true. That's probably true. <SEP> I know our church youth group starts with projects young. But they have a high school group that works in the Appalachia area every year. They've done this for fourteen years now. That's great. <SEP> And it's. And they've also see that there's a different way of life and those families are really close. Some of the things that we talked about that were common in the fifties are still there. <SEP> And it really. Every youth that's ever gone really has felt that their life has been changed. And it's changed their perspective. And that's just the two weeks during the summer. So if two weeks could have that kind of effect I would think. That's great. <SEP> I'm glad that there are still some areas that get the youth involved in that sort of thing. That's. Like I said I think it does. Even a small amount of exposure can make a vast difference in their attitudes. <SEP> I guess. Did you have anything else? I guess that's about all. <SEP>. I enjoyed talking with you. Good talking with you. <SEP> And I hope you have a good evening. You too. <SEP>.