Do you subscribe to magazines yourself? I don't subscribe to any magazines at home because we get so many at work that I need to read that I just don't take any at home. I see. I get MCCALL'S. Of course anything that appeals to the homemaker since that's my main line of interest. <SEP> And then once in a while I'll pick up a WORKING WOMAN or something and realize why I don't want to go back to work. What I enjoy about staying home. <SEP> And I read magazines mainly because they're fast. And if I want to relax while I watch T V. Of course I'm one of those that does two things at once. And I read GOOD HOUSEKEEPING and BETTER HOMES and MCCALL'S. And I like them because they're kind of short and to the subject. <SEP> I used to take MCCALL'S and GOOD HOUSEKEEPING and several magazines like that a few years ago at home. And then you stopped them all. But. The subscriptions ran out. And I never renewed them. And I found that I really didn't have time at home since I work to read them. I find that about two years is probably my max on subscribing to one in particular. <SEP> And then I kind of get turned off by it. Other than GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. GOOD HOUSEKEEPING is the one that kind of sets around for when I'm really have time and I really want to read something. <SEP> I don't get into books too often because I have so many things that I stay occupied with on a general basis. And we travel a lot. So I enjoy reading parts on travel in the various different ones. <SEP>. And I get into newspapers. So I guess that kind of tells you what kind of person I am. I'm read it fast and put it down. <SEP>. When I had my magazines at home I would find that I kind of skimmed through them and looked at the pictures. And if something caught my eye then I might read something. But otherwise than that they were not too useful to me. That's what I do. <SEP> I got some good recipes from them sometimes. But. You clip recipes. And you save them forever. And you never really use them. <SEP> That's right. That's right. And then every so often you weed through them. And you think where did I ever put that recipe. But that's mainly my whole idea on short subject reading and things like this. <SEP> I subscribe like I said to a few. And once in a while I buy that new magazine called FIRST on the newsstands or something like that. But I kind of stay with my own subject matter what pertains to my daily life at the present time. <SEP> Since I work with computers during my work I have to keep up on all the new computer equipment and software and everything. And I have to read the magazines such as BYTE and COMPUTER WORLD and MAC WORLD and all of these magazines such as that. So I really just. I can see that it will be a very long time probably before I subscribe to any magazines at home. Sometimes if you're in public transportation I know that people will read them on something like that. <SEP>. But I think. And the idea is. I can just dump them at the other end. And I don't have to carry them back with me. <SEP> That's right. I do that when we travel. I always have my head with a magazine somewhere as we drive or wherever we. No matter what it is air travel or anything and I. <SEP>. If I go on an airplane ride or something I'll stop in and pick up a COSMOPOLITAN or something to read on the airplane. Although now. But that's basically just about. I'll buy a crossword puzzle magazine every now and then. That's when you really have time. Your computer ones. I got into computer work somewhat. We have our own computer system at home. <SEP> And I tried reading the magazines hoping I would get more from it. And it was just above my head without having someone there to give me the advice as I went along. It was kind of a little bit more than what I needed. So I never did get into them. When I bought the computer all of a sudden I was receiving them for some unknown reason through the mail. I think they all thought we have a live one. She'll subscribe. <SEP> But they were wrong. I never got into them. But. I guess we might as well end our conversation at this point. <SEP> It was nice talking with you. It was nice to talk with you too. <SEP> Thank you.