. Let's see. We keep our paper bags lined up in the garage for glass and plastics. And we make the dump over to the Wal-Mart bins there as soon as they're full. I guess we collect milk cartons and whatever other plastics are acceptable. Are you in the part of town where they have gotten into the other containers yet for recycling? I didn't think that anybody had those at all yet. <SEP> Maybe they don't. I know that was supposed to be in May. And I couldn't tell whether some parts of town had started it or if it was just everybody was waiting for the delivery of whatever those containers were. I haven't seen any. So I thought that it had all been delayed several times. So I have no idea what they look like. And I'm kind of anxious to see them. That's going to be interesting because we've gotten so convenient and conventional in trash disposal which is. <SEP> I look at our big green containers. And I say they work fine. And I keep mine outside the garage so that I don't have any odors. But it's clearly a place where. It will be interesting to see how well that works. And I'm glad the community is doing it. It's one of those things that kind of has to be forced on people. I don't know what you saw back years ago. But for me the thing that strikes me growing up in rural South Dakota where the farmers brought their eggs to town and the local hatchery would candle them and package them is that in the fifties you could say we had the recycling going on then that we should have now. Which was all the milk bottles were glass. <SEP> And you got a nickel or dime which in that time was a lot of money when you returned them. Pop bottles all had a deposit on them. <SEP> Of course. That they did. Actually we had milk delivered to our house in glass bottles. And we had a milk shoot at the side of the house. <SEP> You could just leave the milkman a note on what you needed. And so you just put the empty ones back out there. And he took them away and put another gallon of glass bottle in there. <SEP> I look back at my childhood. And I'd say they were doing things then that we should be doing now. And so it doesn't bother me at all that we're kind of starting to put the pressure on people to get away from all this throwaway society that got developed in the sixties and seventies. It would be nice to see it take a good turn here. It seems like it started to take a turn and then it went away. So I hope that this time it stays. Just To see stacks and stacks of newspapers just to the trash is just amazing. <SEP> Actually when we go dump our things we collect newspapers too and then take them. Seems like there's a pretty continual flow of people coming and dumping glass and dumping plastics. So that's kind of encouraging. I didn't know if we started to do that. I didn't know what to expect. <SEP> I'll have to say the only one I'm good at at this point is the newspaper. Taking that to the Boy Scouts and my aluminum cans getting rid of those. But on the plastic I don't have any habits there yet. And guess I'm waiting for the city to push me in that direction. But it just seems like on the larger scale that we always talk about in our society that economic strife things. I guess they will shortly. I. <SEP> And I think if we just start to put the nickel deposit on things like was the case years ago that it would have more immediate effect than. Because I remember searching ditches for beer bottles because they were worth money. And it seems like beer drinkers are among the worst for throwing things out the window. And so outside my little town we would go out and look for long neck beer bottle because they were worth something. <SEP>. Do you know in Tom Thumb yesterday I saw the return to the small Coke bottles. <SEP> And I don't know if there's a deposit on those or not. I. That's interesting because. They're back to glass you're saying? They were the glass. Let's see. They'd be maybe six ounce or ten ounce. Sort of a small size and we didn't stop and look at them a long time. <SEP>. And they were packed in the old sort of six pack stick them down sort of a basket type thing. <SEP>. The paper carton. <SEP> I hadn't seen that in a long time. I mean the. You really look and say a lot of the things we need to do we were doing. And we had all the mechanisms in place with the fold up paper cartons the wood racks which now basically you could turn them into the plastic ones that would hold twenty-four bottles. And I'm not really going back to good old days. But certainly we were doing things the way we think we should do them now. <SEP> It will be interesting to see how over the next year this all works out because on the grass I know your husband doesn't really like the paper sacks. He doesn't like the paper sacks. But he likes to pick the grass up too. He Doesn't. <SEP> I'm the same way because otherwise. I generally listen to Neal Sperry on Saturdays and Neal's a person who says I like to pick it up. But I don't believe in throwing it into the landfill. So I have my compost pile. But most of us don't have the sufficient lot size to do that. <SEP> So I'm glad the city's willing to take that on. That's nice. I guess they dump it the same place. I wonder where they dump that. There's someplace. If it's. Because really when I look at what my grass does in actually about twenty-four hours knowing what the farmers do in rural areas they just take their hay and just build a big mound of it and it naturally composts or stores. And so all you have to do is just place it somewhere and churn it. And it will naturally decompose. So you just have to kind of keep in separated. And then who knows how they process it from there and what they turn it into. But it's certainly usable material. They must keep it separate if they have this date in. <SEP> They have this day now that it's separate from the other trash pick up. But the thing I don't understand about that is when. It's one thing to send grass there. But I've trimmed trees and other things which end up being something that clearly won't decompose nearly as rapidly.