. I guess because I work quite a bit with lawyers that I find a lot of things are so specialized that I'm not sure. And I look at it more from the civil side of things that juries have any sense of the value of and worth so that they have real problems when it comes to. They can find guilt or innocence. <SEP> But then when you quantify things and might also hold criminal trials for how many years is appropriate that they might leave it to somebody else who has expertise in that. I agree too. I don't think the jury should be the ones that put the sentencings down. I think the judges should. Or even a panel of lawyers if it got to that point. Might be better than just regular civil people. Not knowing exactly what things are from murder on up to tax stuff. <SEP> Because I find that. I've been on a few juries. And as a say I tend to be around civil cases because I've been an expert witness some. And many matters are so complicated that it's so hard to come up with the fair value or the fair sentence. And one thing that you get if you have some expertise is the range of possible values or terms or how heinous was the crime. That. When I only do something one two or three times I'm hardly an expert on it. And most juries over a period of five or ten years you might sit on three. And. <SEP> And so how do you relate as to whether this particular armed robbery was worth five years or twenty-five. That's. And most people that do sit on juries. Some people just sit on them once in their lifetime if they're that lucky sometimes. Or whatever the case may be. And may not have any idea of what the standard punishment would be for it. <SEP> And they may have some different idea. It might be more important for them to put a sentencing down that was longer that the punishment didn't fit the crime. Or not long enough or whatever the case may be. <SEP> I think the judges do have better knowledge of it. The only thing I worry about sometimes is if you get somebody in there that has a name that is the defendant and sometimes might have more pull which that does happen. We can't say it doesn't because it does happen. Not everybody has the right morals sometimes. People can be paid off politically or whatever the case may be. <SEP> And sometimes that's not real fair either though. So. One of the others things that gets me on the juries is that often in the newspaper I tend to hear two things that go on. One is you often see in the headlines the big numbers. <SEP> And many of those get overturned or get reduced in terms of sentences or get changed by a judge or an Appeals Court. And that never makes the press. And so when you or I as an individual gets on a jury we tend to have certain mental images of what's what because we see the headlines. And we don't have again a lot of knowledge. So we don't know what is really going on what is really the range of sentences or awards that are actually in the end applied. <SEP> Also what I don't think is fair either is when you have a rapist come in. And his attorney gets his sentencing reduced because he's gone to a lesser charge like assault or something or. But that doesn't make any sense to me either. I know it's hard to prove rape and whatnot. And the person that was raped or whatever doesn't. It's embarrassing and all this other stuff. <SEP> And they're put on like they were the ones that caused it or whatever. But to me when you do the crime then you should pay for whatever you did. And you shouldn't be able to go on the lesser charge. I don't think that's right because all's that's going to do is say that was a breeze. I can go out and do it again and have the same thing happen. That's not right. <SEP> That's where the role of juries is restricted. And I'm not sure I'd want to change that aspect of it. One is it's restricted in the sense that juries only decide the charges that are actually brought. If it's first degree rape second degree rape or whatever they only get to decide on that. This person has been charged with first degree rape. And you can decide guilt or innocence on that. <SEP> Such like maybe in murder they get to choose whether it's premeditated or one or two of the lesser degrees. The other thing that juries are restricted on that you usually don't get to hear all the information. It's what information is presented. And I don't know that juries have a right to know more because in a sense we call those safeguards. But often juries hear only a fraction of the story when they have to decide guilt or innocence. And to me how can you make a decision if you don't have all of the evidence in front of whether it pertains to the case or not. Somebody thinks it had because they've got it there. <SEP> So the two lawyers are the ones that have all the information. And the truth that's brought out is as I say when I've heard about. Don't they? <SEP> The oath is to tell the truth. The whole truth and nothing but the truth is that they want. They don't want the whole truth. You can say. They only put part of it. <SEP> The. Because stories look very different when you hear different parts of the truth. That's just like that old witness game. It's a game kids play too. But somebody did it just for your train of thought where they showed something. And they asked. There were four people.