And your occupation is teaching? I'm a substitute teacher. Substitute teacher. <SEP> Is this Pat I'm talking to now? It is it is. I'm a substitute teacher in the same school system we both work in. I was just trying to make an introduction here. <SEP> And I haven't told you I'm going to be at a different school this year. I've just gotten another job at an elementary library at Barron. <SEP> I bet you may dress differently then for that. I. Not really. Every day I've got to read to kindergartners. So I'm going to be down on the floor with them. I've got about forty kindergartners I'm going to be working with every day for a half hour. So I'll probably be wearing slacks as often as I do because if I'm going to be down on the floor messing with them I'm not going to wear nice nylons and dresses. What I wear sometimes depends on how cold I think the school might be or what room I might be in since I'm a sub and have different rooms to go to. And always carry a sweater. <SEP> Of course you've been at Clark enough that you know it's always cold. <SEP> But you don't know at some of the other schools you go to unless you've been there. You try to layer so you can add or take off. Subtract. <SEP> And it's interesting to notice when you go to different schools that some are a little more fancier than others and have a very casual. I think some of the dress codes are different at different schools. That's one of the things I ask about whether she would allow slacks. And she said she doesn't have a problem with that. She just didn't like sloppy dressing. <SEP> And I said that was okay. And I'm. Basically I wear slacks year round except about once a week I try to wear a skirt. And in the winter I maybe wear longer sleeve shirts than I do in the summer. And add a heavier jacket or wear jackets more in the winter than I do in the summer. That's about. I don't really work in a profession that requires that I wear a business suit and look really. <SEP> And for me sometimes they even have dress up days. Or they have spirit week that you wear your different outfits. And you have to have the color for that particular school if you choose to participate in spirit week. <SEP> And one might be a hat day where you have to come up with some sort of hat. And you never know that though sometimes when you're going in do you? <SEP> But because I sort of stick to several schools I'm usually aware that there might be a spirit week going on and might remember to do it. And then many schools on a particular day during football season maybe all year long they wear the school colors for game day which. <SEP> On what Thursday. It might be Thursday for the high schools. And it may be Friday for the senior high schools. So that would kind of give you a clue I guess. And sometimes you get the long term stuff. So you're aware ahead of time of what's going on. <SEP> That. So that's. And I don't know. I think about the dress code they have for the kids. Are. They put one on the parents or the teachers and say the men have to wear ties. And there can be no blue jeans worn. And because some of the teachers I know wear dress up jeans not sloppy looking jeans but tapered jeans that they've had dry cleaned so they have got the crease. And they'll wear it with a nice top. And I don't know that that looks that bad. But if you're going to tell the kids they have to dress up I guess you can tell the teachers that too. <SEP> It. I see that the. I think the elementary school teachers or maybe even the middle school teachers dress a little fancier than some of the high school teachers. But I think it varies just so much. Anything can go. <SEP> And you can see in some of the departments in some of the schools like history at Clark they're all pretty fancy. But they're just sort of into clothes. And then there's other departments that aren't. <SEP> And they'll just wear your common ordinary whatever you might say. There's a couple teachers up there that do dress up more than others. <SEP>. And so you try to maybe follow those if you know you're going there. You don't want to dress too tacky because you're going to be in the same room with them. And you always. Course it's a standing joke when the men come in a tie and a suit coat you say have you got a job interview today. Or there's usually something going on that would cause that to happen. <SEP> Or you're going to be observed. <SEP> And I don't know how a coach would feel that teaches health or English or whatever that they had to wear a tie. I. Some of those male coaches that might really. They go around in their little coaching shorts or parachute pants. And a T-shirt. <SEP> That I didn't ever understand. We've got coaches that teach health for five periods and then have athletics sixth period. So. At Vines the coaches don't do that. Whether. <SEP> They dress pretty good I would say. And then they go to their coaching. And they put their shorts on there. Change then. That's what I would think. <SEP> That's what I would think. But they don't wear their sweat pants or anything. They dress like any other teacher would in a classroom situation not in P E. <SEP> Course we had one coach one period he'd teach P E and the next period Health and then a period of P E. Those I can understand. And that's hard. <SEP> So he just left warm-ups on. But. I think really probably they could really. And I don't know if they make uniforms the thing for the kids. I guess the teachers will have to follow suit with a dark skirt and a white top. And. I don't think we'll ever get to that. You don't think so. <SEP> I don't think. I think we're going the opposite direction. It's the parochial schools that many ti-. They've had uniforms for years. I don't really know if they still do. Some of them they do. And it's not at some of the private schools. It certainly makes it easier to dress. But even there's a couple public schools in Dallas where the kids wear uniforms and the teachers dress in accordance with that. <SEP> It's certainly cheaper and easier in the long run that you don't have to be concerned about your wardrobe. I think it would make a difference at school. I don't think we should be spending time saying somebody's wearing torn clothing or wearing shorts too short. Or they've got the really short skirt and the black nylons and the high. It's a lot of trouble to take care of that. <SEP> And of course the kids say then why bother just let me wear what I want. And yet we can't to that either. I'd like to see them go to not necessarily a uniform but saying that they've got to wear a button down shirt. That would alleviate any T-shirts with sayings on them. But if they could wear a button-down shirt and a pair of dark slacks and they could buy them anywhere they wanted. And. But I doubt that that will come about. And then the girls. <SEP> Just. I. I don't. Not in Plano. <SEP> Not. They may get a-. But they said in the Dallas schools that that helps their educational process there. <SEP> I think it does. It takes their minds off of trying to compete. Highland Park's thinking about going that route. So it. And then I think that's going to push teachers to dress a lot more professionally than they do. <SEP> I don't think a lot of teachers are very professional. But. I agree with you on.