We're to discuss a little bit about the process of putting someone in a nursing home and making the decision on a family basis. And probably the first question would be whether you've ever had to go through that process. Not so much personally. But my husband has an aunt who has been like a second mother always lived in the same town and took care of him and such. They live down in College Station where his parents do too. <SEP> And they put her in a home last year. She appeared to have a couple of light strokes and started to not be able to be in her apartment on her own. <SEP> So they found a place nearby that they put her in last year. It was pretty much a physical decision? Although she is in pretty good health and doesn't take any medication. It's just she had had her own apartment and drove a car and everything up until that point. <SEP> Then she was starting to lose memory sometimes which is kind of frightening when she's in the car. My husband's family are reaching that point. But it's so difficult. Was she in favor of it. Or was she kind of opposed to it? <SEP> When it finally came down to it she just got to the point after the. It wasn't a very strong stroke. It was just kind of all of a sudden she wasn't herself anymore. And she got kind of fearful of being on her own. She never really ate very well. It was one thing. She hardly ever took care of herself. <SEP> And she didn't eat. She ate very poor. So I think she was bad nutrition on top of it. And she got to the point she didn't want to alone anymore. So. So often I think though elderly people don't realize that their diet is that bad. I work with a lot of elderly people. I'm a trust officer. And so often they think they're adequately caring for themselves when they're really not eating very much or very balanced meals. <SEP> She was almost ridiculous. She'd eat ice cream and cookies. She'd. That's part of the aging process That your taste buds goes back to the sweet taste. Didn't one. <SEP> It really is. <SEP> She didn't want to cook for herself anymore. That's too much trouble. That's too much trouble. Didn't want to cook. And the portions. People don't want to try to figure out little bitty individual meals. I do that right now. <SEP> And I'm not near nursing home age. Although they've got Meals On Wheels Which I understand is a really good way to handle that so that at least they eat. <SEP> So as a family you all just visited nursing homes. Or probably in College Station there wasn't a whole lot of choice. I don't think there was. I know a little bit more from a co-worker. Her mother-in-law had been in for quite some time and had different degrees of a place that she was in. <SEP> She was ambulatory. And so there was a lesser care. Then she got uh hip broken. And then she wasn't as ambulatory. So they were almost to the point of saying she can't be here anymore. But I remember from her checking around she ended up staying at the Arkansas House out in Arlington something like that. <SEP> And you know the type of facilities whether it's a shared room or two separate rooms that share a bathroom. All of them all seem to say that people there are going to steal their items. That's a given. They're always saying that somebody's going to. And some of them unconsciously do it as a just half seni-. <SEP> And sometimes the help there does it I think. So they don't have too many facilities for their personal items. Very limited space waste. <SEP> But at least they all seem to have people that monitor their medication intake and dining facilities go to the dining room and eat some good meals. I know when my friend's mother-in-law first went in very antisocial. Maybe it takes a while for them to say I'll be with other people. But. Adapt. <SEP> I don't understand that they don't want to be with anybody else. As I think I mentioned I was in the trust business. And I've seen so many elderly people. Usually there has to be some wealth involved which is great if you don't make the decisions so late that you're worried about money. But the places like Presbyterian Village and some of the retirement places where they have different levels of care seems to be so much better as far as elderly people adapting. <SEP> They're able to move in while they're still independent and still social. And they do group things. And then if health or mental capacity deteriorates they're able to take the next steps without so much change. And I wish everybody could go that direction rather than just all of a sudden moving out of the home they've always been in. It's really kind of difficult. <SEP> I have a. My aunt's mother is gotten ill recently. And she lives in Pennsylvania. They live in Alabama. And they're saying we need you to be closer. And you have women like that. I don't to men. It seems like the women just out live their husbands but very reluctantly. That whole. <SEP> They don't get out of the house. They don't socialize. But it's my home. And I don't want to leave it. And it's the first step in actually accepting that you are failing and aging. Once you make that step you know that it's just going to be downhill from then on. And I've seen people really fight it that desperately needed to make the change. <SEP> They became. In fact that's probably what's going to happen with my husband's mother. She's going to endanger herself before she'll willingly make the decision. And that scares me the thought of forcing somebody to do something. But it's so lonely. They can't get out and see anyone. And it's hard for someone like me to understand that. <SEP> Because I think what do you have there? It's a house. It's walls. And it's furniture. But there's nobody there. Not as independence. <SEP> Don't you want to be close to me? Be with other people. <SEP> I just don't understand why they so much want to just stay in that building. <SEP> And there's no family there. They don't get to see their grandkids. They don't get to see their children. They just there in that house. And the quality of life really isn't there. It's tough. It really is. <SEP> That's from the child's standpoint. The child is going why don't you want to be close to me and your other family. What does that house got attraction? They fear being dependent on somebody. <SEP> I know they're really proud of independence. They fear being a burden to family members. My husband's mother will have major surgery. And we'll find out about it in a casual conversation. <SEP> She'll let something slip. And we'll say wait a minute. And that's it. She just. I didn't want to bother you. She can't accept that we want to be the care givers. When she got home who took care of her? She stayed in a temporary nursing home. Until she was okay. <SEP> It's just. But it's frightening to us because we live pretty far from her. She's down in Temple. And we can't see her often enough to really know what's going on. <SEP> So it's difficult. It really is. And we're all heading that way. And. My husband and I we have been thinking about his folks are in College Station. <SEP> And we've pretty much planned that we'll be here in the Dallas area. And there's nothing to hold them there in College Station since they're retired. So we thought maybe we could get them to move a little closer here.