Hal what's crime like in Dallas? It depends where in Dallas you are. <SEP> There are certainly parts of town I would not want to live in. Because it's the situation. It is very location dependent. <SEP> And there are parts of town here where when they talk about the nightly gunfire. In Baltimore we have similar. I live on the outskirts of Baltimore. And we live right outside the city. And our neighborhood is pretty much working class people though I'm in graduate school. I live here because it's close to the university. But we have. It's really funny. The only crime we really see is just the kids being malicious. <SEP> And I think most of that is because their parents aren't around. That make sense? <SEP> What they call the latchkey children. Something like that. No one's. Or fathers are just missing. So there's no consistency there in the home or whatever. There's no one to tell them what's right and what's wrong. Sort of on my end is more of the upper middle class. So I think our. <SEP> Not that we don't have a certain amount of local problems. But on the other hand we get the affect of the city. And the main crimes within the suburb here are the theft crimes. A small number of assaults. <SEP> If we have one murder a year that's probably as many. But then you go into Dallas and they are unfortunately having murders at a rate greater than one a day. <SEP> I think we're about the same in Baltimore. Though Washington is close by. And they experience a lot more. <SEP> I think they definitely have more problems in the area. What do you think can prevent crime? The thing is I don't. It's one of those things where if you're a grad student you can appreciate the statistics on. <SEP> Unfortunately there are often these correlations that are inverse of what they should be like wherever there are more criminals there are more policemen. But that's which came first. <SEP> But on the other side of it is. Basically the problem is in the society and the society's views. And since now I'm in my mid-forties when I was in grad school or when I was an undergraduate growing up in a more rural area I thought crime was reasonably unknown and just the situation that's developed with the drug aspect of the pushers the dealers and the addicts. <SEP> I think. <SEP> I think I agree with you there. <SEP> Because it just was not something back in the sixties that I even had to worry about. But I think that there is a lot in the society where things have changed. So it's effected all of us. I think the drug culture definitely is one of the main problems. Our mayor in Baltimore is one of the people that goes on national television and says they should legalize drugs. Because it would eliminate the violence and the market the hidden market of the drugs and everything that goes along with it. <SEP>. That make sense? He's one of the big proponents of that. He gets on national television and says that. So it's. And he was a District Attorney before and a prosecutor before becoming mayor. So that's a really stran-. It's a different viewpoint. I. <SEP> In a sense I have real mixed feelings on that. Because it comes a bit from the angle that the. It would certainly be an interesting test. <SEP> But the other side of it to me. What happens if we lose worse. The other side is that unfortunately some of the down side. And I think if I look back fifty or a hundred years I'd say back then there were the opium dens. <SEP> But the thing is if somebody ruined their life society didn't try to then save themselves from it. They let this person who had ruined it die or whatever. They probably became weakened physically and other things to the point that their life expectancy was real short. <SEP> But now we tend to believe somewhere in the health care system otherwise. We need to take care of people even if they have physically ruined themselves. They have induced it themselves. That's true. <SEP> And so to me that's. I would certainly like to see a real test of making drugs real cheap to see if when you make them available people then don't use them. I think they did that in Alaska. That actually Alaska just recently legalized marijuana. <SEP> But I never heard results or anything like that. So I never. Plus it really couldn't be a good test because Alaska's so different than every other part of the country. <SEP> But that was interesting. I don't. Crime is one of those things that's. I don't know. The drug culture. The. I see it with the kids in the neighborhood just stealing things not thinking anything wrong with it. Some of that. And of course I'm a baby of the old school. <SEP> But it bothers me from the fifties on. Not that I'd remember that much from the fifties. But basically we have so much more of the something for nothing mentality. That's true. That's true. We worked hard for everything. That's very true. <SEP> And so they. In the. There were the sixty-four thousand dollar question shows in the fifties. But nowadays there's so much on TV where people seem to have the idea they can get something for nothing. Of course I work for lawyers a lot. <SEP> And I see unfortunately we have this whole mentality that somehow there are these pots of money out there that you can sue somebody and there's a million dollars you can have for mental duress or whatever. <SEP> But the other thing that bothers me in the crime is the. In Europe they seem to have mentality. And drunk driving is a good one. Is that people are well indoctrinated in their society that drunken driving is unacceptable. And. If you're going to drink you better have your designated driver. <SEP> In this country and for example with alcohol or with drugs we don't seem to understand how to handle it as a society to say it is okay under these circumstances but if you step outside these bounds the punishment is extreme. And we mean it. I think that the drunk driving has actually just caught on. And I really. <SEP> My father was hit by a drunk driver when I was in high school. And that was an awful three years afterwards. Of recovery and the difficulties and everything we did. <SEP> And the guy went free because this was twelve years ago thirteen years ago. There was no. His father was even the police chief of the town. <SEP> So there was no repercussion at all. Other than insurance. But he was uninsured. So our insurance paid for everything. But it was a very difficult time. And then later my brother and I were picked up by the police for questioning because this fellow had bought a new car. And somebody had taken a baseball bat to it and broke all his windows and his lights and dented it everywhere. <SEP> And they came and questioned us. And. <SEP> But that kind of shows how our attitude toward drinking and driving was misplaced for years. <SEP> It was an acceptable social behavior. Very much so. Those are some important points. I. Those are. <SEP> What does your city have for gun control if anything? Maryland is one of the most. We just voted in strong gun control here in the state of Maryland. I think.