I almost forgot the topic. I was waiting so long for it to find somebody. It's on your favorite T V shows and why. What is your favorite T V show? <SEP> MAJOR DAD. You like that one? I love it. I think it promotes good family values. And it's funny. I've never really watched that one. It's funny how you can just get in a mode where you only watch certain shows. <SEP> That's ri-. And there's only a few that I like to watch routinely. What kind do you like to watch? Probably my favorite is. I like shows like GROWING PAINS. And what's the other one they moved from Tuesday night to Wednesday night. So I don't get to watch it very much. <SEP> WONDER YEARS? WONDER YEARS. That's my favorite. I like both of those real much also. I think basically they promote family values. WONDER YEARS. I guess that is supposed to be put out at a time when I was growing up or whatever. I guess I can really relate to it. And it's just a real cute show. I guess I like the shows that really have a real sense of honesty or sort of a purity value. <SEP> I do too. I don't like it uh lot of the shows that I've liked in the past like GOLDEN GIRLS. And some of them tend to get so risque. And when you have children watching it that sometimes really starts to bother me. <SEP> And that's one of the reasons. If you want to go all time favorite show probably one of them was LITTLE HOUSE ON THE PRAIRIE. My wife really likes that show. <SEP> Which I always felt was wonderful. And so many of them nowadays like I said are just. <SEP> They go after. They. Like I said the risque stuff just I guess they think that's what people want to watch. There was. But there's a sense of purity in the show. One of my favorite shows used to be HAPPY DAYS. But Richie always used to be just so honest and pure. <SEP> And when he left the show it seemed to be missing that part of it. And I never did like it after that. <SEP> So I don't know. I see the same thing in WONDER YEARS and a lot of the shows that I like to watch. There always seems to be that kind of value in there somewhere. I agree. Do you like the sports programming? <SEP> I enjoy those also almost as much to a certain extent. I'm. Our whole house is baseball fans. And we enjoy that. And. So you're going to watch a game tonight? <SEP> So do you have a favorite for the series or anything? Probably the Pirates. But only because of Steve Bushel. <SEP> Otherwise I really don't care that much. But I'm annoyed that the Rangers got rid of him. And I'd like to see him do well all the way to the bank I guess. He's a nice guy. <SEP> I take it you live in the Dallas area. Do you live in the Dallas area? <SEP> Live in Plano. I live in Garland. And. I like Steve Bushel. But I don't really like the Pirates. I'm a big Saint Louis Cardinals fan. So I'm kind of pulling for the Braves over all. They've come from so far down. <SEP> I really would like to see them do well. It's. So I keep hoping the Rangers are going to do. One year they. Maybe they'll make it I don't know. <SEP> But. I like sports programming quite a bit. But I guess my favorite shows are the. And getting back to the point that you made that's really true. We were watching ROSEANNE couple of weeks ago. And her daughter was talking about birth control. And my daughter was kind of walking in during that time. And she's only seven years old. So. <SEP> It's. So many of them now it just seems like they feel like they have to stick that stuff in. And I'm an adult. <SEP> And I have adult tastes now. But I don't need that. I like things that are wholesome. That seems to be more our values too. The WONDER YEARS it's kind of risque stuff maybe for teenagers. And you can kind of relate to it. <SEP> I don't know. That's. I enjoy that a lot. But I agree with you. The. And it's funny because the shows. A lot of them that used to be considered risque like THREE'S COMPANY and stuff I think they maintained. People would watch them because. There was really the period that was going on there. He really wasn't messing around with the girls. But everybody perceived him that way and stuff. <SEP> But as soon as he went to move in with another girl the show just died. And it's interesting that a lot of the shows are that way.