And that's an idea that's been kicked around for a long time. I don't know that it's ever been seriously considered as far as close to passing any legislation or anything like that. But I believe Israel does that for their. I think so. Wel- everybody has to do something. <SEP> I don't kn-. Or maybe theirs is in fact one year of military service for everyone. But. I believe that's right. <SEP> And I don't know that that's really what we're talking about. I don't think it's n-. I think of that. It couldn't be. Military service is not that much. But the military used to do it. But the idea that there are things that do need to be done that could be done. And then country would benefit from one year from everybody and even out the requirement. For kids in high school it could be in the summertime. <SEP> That's a thought. It could even be done while they're doing another job while they're doing a job to make money. <SEP> But it's such a grassroots idea that it. I think the family would have to be involved in it. <SEP> And people would have to be convinced that. I think the basic message is that giving is better than receiving. And that's not the kind of society we have right now. I'm afraid you're right there. But anything like this that came up whether it. It quickly would be significant industry in figuring out how to get around it where people. <SEP> There's lots and lots of volunteer programs. But at least it's my opinion that most of those involve adults. Adults who have the time to give and the desire to give. <SEP>. <SEP> It's not. Maybe it cou-. Younger people feel like it's not open to them. I don't know. But it should be if it's not. I suspect that that's not the thing. That they don't feel it's open to them. It's just that they are more self-centered and not considering a voluntary. <SEP> It is kind of an introspective time of life. But some high schools have actually started a visitation program to less advantaged areas. <SEP> And they promote service on the part of the kids to some of those people. So at least that's a step in the right direction I guess. And I don't know it di-. I think you're right that that's not the way that the society these days is going. And I think we need to try to figure out some way to turn that around that everybody. <SEP> It's really unfortunate because when you do. I do volunteer work for the American Lung Association. And I have gone to work for American Heart and for the Leukemia Society. And there's no question that doing that kind of service you get a lot more out of it than the people involved. <SEP> It's really a gift to yourself. And I think that's a really important lesson to learn. And maybe that's why we have so many people in society who are not really happy. That could be. <SEP> Because if you concentrate all of your energies and efforts on yourself you're just kind of down the tube. It really is better to give then to receive. I agree with that. And I don't know what has set it off or what. But it certainly seems to me that in the last twenty-three years things have definitely gone towards very much the concentration on self and loss of perspective in terms.