. <SEP> My name's Gail. I'm calling from Texas. I'm Sandy. I'm in Texas too. What a deal. <SEP> Took long enough to find you. Seems like they take forever any more. Did you hear what the topic was. <SEP> Did she tell you. If you're ready then I'll just go ahead and start. <SEP> Hold on. I guess we're supposed to talk about the changing roles of women. Seems like to me everything is just changing so much that it's almost like you can't keep up with things any more. And everyone's striving so much to make it equal between men and women. Personally I'm a stay home mom. And I like it the way it used to be. <SEP> So am I. Are you. I think it's kind of coming back around to that don't you. I mean that there's a lot more people that stay home now than before. But I guess more than anything I think maybe people were just kind of wanting to have the choice of what they could do. <SEP> I don't know. I think sometimes some of the women's lib though is kind of like they wanted it all. And you can't have everything. There's no way I could have a career and then be the kind of mom that I want to be. <SEP> And to me that's more important. How many kids do you have? Two. Two? <SEP> Are they young. Or. Five and two. Five and two. I have two. And mine are two and nine months. So being home is real. I just am fortunate because I don't know a real lot of moms that get to stay home. And it's just weird that I was just talking to somebody this morning who's a working mom. And these people have secretaries and these high power jobs. And it just seems like. She told me now her daughter took her first steps at the day care. And I just don't agree with that. I think it should be that people should get back to staying home and being more family oriented than not. It seems like everybody's always so busy with everything that they're doing that there's no time for this and that and the other. And I hope it just doesn't get to where there's more and more women going into the work force. <SEP> I agree. But I hate for them to make people feel bad that have to work too saying you should stay home otherwise your children aren't going to turn out or whatever because that's not fair to the single moms that have to work. Or if they wouldn't be able to make ends meet not working or whatever. <SEP> I think it's got to be a personal choice. And it's nice that we could have the choice to stay home. I find that whenever I'm in a group of people and we're discussing things. Just over the weekend I visited my family and some cousins I hadn't seen in a long time. And everyone's all interested in what everybody's doing. And I had my baby with me. And I found that all I talked about was my baby which was fine with me. But it's like here these people are. They're going to school getting degrees making all this money. And they kind of looked at me like I was from the dark ages because I didn't have really all that much to talk about where career and things like that were concerned. And you kind of feel little bit like an outcast for a while in social situations sometimes. <SEP> Which is too bad because obviously I don't get paid for my job. But I should get paid at least double what my husband makes working in an office for staying home. That's what I figure. I'm worth a lot just for what I do every day. But I don't know. This is kind of a. At least here I've noticed. I'm not from here. I'm from Colorado. But I've really noticed that there are a lot more people that are more comfortable at least with some women being home at least in the circles I've travelled and in the church that I go to. That. Men don't treat you like you don't know anything generally speaking. <SEP> And I think a lot of companies are realizing this and offering more opportunities as far as job sharing or even having a day care on site and that kind of stuff. And I think that's really important that they do that. <SEP> And they realize there's a need for that. And I don't know. I found when I did do some work when my son was young it was contract work. And it wasn't where I had to be there every day. But we were going to the doctor once a week. So I don't know how you could have a full time job and ever have any vacation time to do anything besides go to the doctor. I can see where that would definitely hinder the problem.