I did hear the end of the prompt this time. Was that you that we didn't hear the whole prompt? And it said do we think that certain crimes should fit certain punishments. And I was thinking about it after I got off the phone that I really wish that there was some way to send a message to people about child abuse and things like that. <SEP> That. Those kind of crimes deserve some kind of severe punishment. Too often I feel that people get off without. <SEP> I agree with you although I will say. I'm not sure. I sometimes have a problem with some of the more famous people who all of a sudden are crawling out of the woodwork to say that whatever problems they have was because they were abused as children. And the parents are saying wait a minute. We didn't do anything like that. And I guess before I'd like to see that severe of a punishment for it it has to be an absolute certainty like caught at it or something. <SEP> Or if they severely beat up on a child I would have absolutely no problem at all with. <SEP> I don't buy the routine they're just sick. Or they were abused when they were little. Forget that. Sometimes they even wonder when criminals plead temporary insanity for crimes that are so severe and then they get sent to a mental institution. <SEP> And they play loony for a while. And then they're back out in public. But I can't see that either. I don't feel that that should be any excuse at all or any reason to not use capital punishment. <SEP> I agree. I agree. Because we. I think if I wanted to badly enough I could convince somebody I was crazy. <SEP> So my family may say that on occasion. Who knows. I don't think it's that hard to do to convince somebody that you just had no control over what you were doing. <SEP> And too they can always be blaming the other person. She looked like my mother who abused me when I was a child or something which I think is unfortunate for that person and yet shouldn't be an excuse. <SEP> I guess a lot of. And I was just seeing in the newspaper or the grocery store that some Miss America was abused by the man she loved. And. That's the new one. Is that the new. I just happened to see the headline on it. And I couldn't realize if it was the husband or the father or what. But I thought if children are being abused I'm wondering how our school system is failing that they're not even seeing this. If it was that severe that when they're later in life adults that it's all of a sudden affecting them in this way that it wasn't shown up at all when they were younger. And that kind of worries me with my kids only being under two and not having to deal with that yet. But still. <SEP> You're right. And yet did you ever in your life when you were little know anybody or hear anything of anything like this? Never. And I lived in California which I feel like California. <SEP> Anything can go on in California. Ye-. But I was from conservative Wisconsin. <SEP> And there was nothing on it. Which makes me wonder if it's as prevalent as some of them claim. It's. You just don't know. And it all. Unless they're caught in the act or the child is very badly beaten up it comes down to a one word against the other that type thing. <SEP> Texas is capital punishment for. It used to be just capital murder. And now they added mass murder. Are those the only two things that we. I really would have no idea. I don't really know. Because I have a feeling it is. And I think there ought to be more things added to it. <SEP> That would be pretty lenient in my opinion. I. Killing a child or kidnapping. And possibly not. I guess kidnapping maybe if the person gets very badly hurt. If they release them two hours later he probably doesn't deserve the death penalty. That. Or I've heard when I.