. We're talking about capital punishment. How do you feel about that Lenore? <SEP> I am very much for capital punishment. Wonderful. I am too one hundred percent. My Dad retired from the federal prison of bureaus. <SEP> And I've been raised around prisons all my life. All your life. <SEP> And I believe if you don't have a punishment befitting the crime there's not any deterrent. There's no deterrent. That's right. There's just no deterrent. <SEP> That's right. And so many of those kind of people they have a better life in prison than they have on the street anyway. So unless they really make it rough on them going to prison for a little while is not much of a deterrent I don't think. Especially not a federal prison. I don't know what Oklahoma's laws are. But Texas's are. I don't know. It's no one's f-. It's not the judge's fault I don't think. It's just the way the law is down here. Our prisons are so crowded that they can commit some pretty serious crimes and be set free within a year to two. <SEP> The state's prisons were under a mandate to. It was over crowded. And the federal came in and said you have either got to build more prisons or let people go. That's what ours did same thing. And finally our governor at the time who is not in office now came in and said where we draw the line is no sex offenders will be let loose. Under early bail or early get out. <SEP>. <SEP> But we have. The death penalty is not given often. <SEP> But there have been w-. It's not here either really. And I. Maybe it should be given sparingly. But I do believe it should be befitting the crime. I do too. But the way the courts are set up they've got so many chances for appeal. But I think it needs to be expedited. If they've been convicted and given an appeal and they're still convicted of a crime that's deserving of a lethal injection let's do it and not waste so many years to do it. <SEP> Of course they're entitled to a speedy trial. That's right. But then they're also entitled to drag it through the courts for years and years and years on appeals. <SEP> So somehow it doesn't really balance out too much. <SEP> That's right. Somehow it just doesn't. It works and then again it takes too long for it to work. And it seems even though that they got. The prisoner himself can come to the point that I'm tired. I just want out. <SEP> I'm tired of fighting it. Then the system just keeps on. It equ-. <SEP> And at that point I really think there needs to be maybe a shorter appeal process. I do too. I think that needs to. And I don't see why it couldn't be shortened considerably. But. Part of that is the overcrowding of the court system. Yea-. That's true. It is overcrowded because there's so much problem with the people on drugs. Because that ha-. With the drugs they're robbing and killing. And that's why it's filled the prisons up so much I think. <SEP> It doesn't help them any at all. It doesn't. And of course your court system when you get into the appeals. I don't believe criminal is in a court by itself. And the whole judicial system is backed up with a lot of junk that shouldn't be in there. That's true. With all these lawsuits and people suing people over ridiculous things. But. <SEP> We've gotten into a very litigious type of life. Haven't that we though. We really have. But I'm glad to hear that you agree with me on the capital punishment. I just. I'm very muchly for it. Always have been. <SEP> Always will be. I just feel like their crime and punishment. And if you don't have the punishment you double your crime. And that is just personal feeling. It's not going on facts. I think the facts would probably back it up. It could be supportive. It's supported with facts though. <SEP> But. What? It could very easily be supported with facts. <SEP> I.