. When they first said the subject my mind went kind of blank. I thought I haven't taken anything back for a long time. I haven't either. I hate returning things. <SEP> I have a friend who if she likes something isn't sure what size somebody might need will buy it in every color and size and take everything back again. It's a game to her. But I do not like to do that. I consider it kind of a waste of my time. And so I'm usually pretty careful when I shop. <SEP> And I also usually have checked over things if it's an appliance or something to make sure it has the features in it that I want. We've had one lately a Dustbuster Plus that we bought. <SEP> And we've had it for a while. But all of a sudden it just wasn't working. And it looks like there's a part missing from it. My husband opened it up and whatever. And of course we don't have the receipt any more. So we can't take it back. Of course. But I think a lot of goods are made not to last real long. <SEP> Just to get you by five years. And then you'll throw it away rather than have it fixed. We're a wasteful society for sure. <SEP> That's true. And lot of times though it costs so much to get something fixed that you almost are just as well off buying another one if it's. <SEP> And you usually get what you pay for. We bought some walkie-talkies a couple of years ago for Christmas. And they were ten dollars. And we expected them to work nice for the little kids. And they didn't work worth anything. We took those back. And that's about that. All that were taken back in ages. <SEP> I think a lot of times if you get a brand name if it's a good brand. I think there can be a lemon in anything but I think more often than not. <SEP> You pretty well know what you're getting ahead of time. And if you buy a good one you shouldn't have too much of a problem with it. We had a car once that we tried to have declared a lemon under the lemon law which is extremely difficult to do. <SEP> It's hard. We never could get it declared a lemon. And the car would go. And without any warning whatsoever you could be going down the freeway at sixty. And it would stop. <SEP> And I. There was just. And we went round and round with the manufacturer and everything. And they got it finally semifixed. But it was such a hassle. And it just pertained to that. It really is. But of all the topics I have had this is kind of the strangest one. At first I thought of food because that's mainly what I buy. It seems like. And I still don't have anything to do there. But I think too a lot of people don't buy their warranties either because they know that when it's that old they're going to buy a new one. <SEP> So. I think that's true. And now we generally don't buy a warranty because you think at least for the first couple of years nothing should go wrong with it. My husband is really good at fixing things too. So he usually be able to fix anything that's minor. And that has saved us thousands of dollars from to mechanic to anything like that. <SEP>. <SEP> But it was interesting to. I don't know if they're making them better or not. It's hard to say. I think they more of their parts plastic which makes things break easier. But I think the technology is better. I think technology is better. I'm not sure. I think you've got a good point with the plastic and that. About quality. <SEP> I don't think necessarily that things are being made better. I. Everything is so automated. And things can be made without a human hand ever touching it an awful lot of things. <SEP> And I think that certainly makes a difference back from the time when somebody handcrafted something and had some pride in it. People aren't willing to pay those prices very often for a handcrafted something. <SEP> That's true. So. So if we get what we deserve. <SEP> I do craft work and sell stuff at shows. And it's a real eye-opener as far as why people charge what they do to.