What do you know about Latin American policies? I think they're kind of ambivalent really. I just have a feeling that we've kind of talked out of both sides of mouths down there like we do in some other situations. <SEP> Are you relating this to the affair we've got going on in Haiti right now? Half the time we don't know who to support. <SEP> That and maybe it's tough for a big powerful nation to deal with countries like that that depend on us so much without running their country for them. But. That's just it. <SEP> It's got to be tough. But you still have to let them know how you feel. I guess my concern no matter which side we take we're going to have supporters and we're going to have antisupporters I guess for lack of better term. And like you said they're such small countries that we're bound to upset somebody. But we seem to be lacking the ability to take a stance. It worries me that the economy of so many countries in South America and Central America depend on something that damages people like cocaine from Columbia. <SEP> And of course I'm sure we have some enemies down there who wouldn't care what happened to us. But that's a tough deal. That's true. <SEP> And it. I don't think that. Maybe it's I'm reflecting how I feel about it. But I have a feeling that we really don't understand basically the competing factions in lot of those countries. And they've been hammering for the last ten centuries. And it's still going on. And we dabble in it just enough to make both sides angry at us some how some times. <SEP> That's about the lump sum of it. I was speaking with a woman. From the Honduras or Guatemala or somewhere in there. She was from El Salvador. And she was from a relatively wealthy family. And when the Contras came into power of course with. What's his face. He's in Florida jail now. Marcos. <SEP> Marcos is Philippines. I'm blank on it. You know who I'm talking about. <SEP> I can see his face forget his name. I know it. When he came into power he basically just took everybody's property just assigned it to himself. Kind of nationalized it for himself. <SEP> So she's been a real strong supporter of the Sandinistas and has been trying to back the U S government in that respect. And in that respect I have to agree that I think we're taking the right stance because they were a democracy turned. <SEP> Dictator. Basically a dictator fascist. <SEP> And it seems like those countries are so easily susceptible to that kind of thing. It just unstable. What do you think of this U S free trade agreement we're working on with Mexico? <SEP> I think it's long overdue. I just. There's so much difference in the economies of the two countries I have a problem with whether it's going to work or not. It seems like there's. And I. This may be unfair to Mexico. But it seems like there's a lack of honesty in foreign policy a lot of the times. Mexico. The Mexican government is trying. And a lot of the larger Mexican businesses are trying to make themselves Americanized which is great because that's what they basically need to do. <SEP> The big problem with the United States is we have our basic nine to five schedule. And we don't have the Siesta. <SEP> And the cultural differences it's what's really hurting the Mexican people because they've had their way of life. And we've had our way of life. And. I think their version of the good old boy network going that. Has a lot.