I guess social change takes in a big category. But I guess the one aspect of it that I took in consideration is more economical. I know that or how far your dollar goes probably more than anything has greatly changed. <SEP> I agree. I know they did a. It was on a talk show. They took the parents and then the son. And they compared income at different points in time when the father was a little bit younger and more in his heyday. And they compared to the son's that he was making now. And even though the son was probably more successful higher up in the management ladder he was actually making less money when you go by costs of living. <SEP>. <SEP> And it's depending on where you live though too. I know just with me ten years ago I was comparing the. I think I was living better ten years ago than I am now even though I'm making more money now. But my dollar went a lot farther. That's true. Ten years ago I was eleven. I remember though buying candy and stuff that was a lot less expensive than it is now. And gas. <SEP> And I used to hear stories from my Grandpa. And he could see a movie for a nickel and things like that. I know gas prices have definitely jumped from. I know I used to pay twenty-five cents a gallon. And now it's over a buck. I don't know what it's by you. Around here Minnesota Wisconsin area it's dropping. But I think it's about a dollar fifteen on an average. <SEP> I'm from Wisconsin. That's unu-. Most of the people I talk to are Texas. So. I spoke to a person from Texas too. <SEP> This is only my second phone call. So I'm waiting for mine. I suppose this will be towards my last one pretty soon. So they'll stop me. <SEP> But I'm pretty much out to the things to say. Like social changes. <SEP> And I don't think this would have anything to do with it. But clothing and styles lot of those changed. I don't think they consider. Like I say it's a broad category. It's just I'm not economical. But even attitudes on clothing and stuff I know. <SEP>. <SEP> Towards each other. I know a lot of the things that men wear nowadays would have been considered feminine many years ago. But. I know it was hard for me at first. But now I kind of like a lot of the bright colors. <SEP> I used to be more conservative and just your basic colors. But now I do like some of these brighter fluorescent colors. But styles come and go all the time though. It's just ridiculous fads in and out. And even clothing from the sixties came back. <SEP> I see a lot of girls wearing sixties clothes. I guess the best thing I like to see from the sixties and seventies of course is the mini skirt of course. One of the nice things. But. I don't think that there's anything as original. It's all based on one of the past styles. They just make their circle and come back again. <SEP> So if you hang onto your clothes long enough they'll be back in style in a few years. <SEP> That's true. Maybe some day I probably won't be alive to see it. But prices might go down lot more. I don't know though. Doesn't look good. Thinking back I think the only style I hope doesn't come back is bell bottoms. <SEP> I remember that. I do. I guess when I look at pictures of myself in the bell bottoms I say God. I didn't really care for them either. But now I.