Are we paying too much in taxes. And are we getting what we pay for? What's your opinion? It's kind of a broad subject. I think there are some areas where we pretty well get our money's worth. <SEP> But I also think there are a lot of areas especially in federal government where we're short changed. Lot of money spent for things that are not used. And I was in the Air Force. And there was equipment at every base I was ever on that was just going to waste. It was just sitting and rusting. And. I tend to agree with you. When it comes to government spending there are so many studies done that don't mean anything. <SEP> But we'll spend hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars on. And it's nice to know something doesn't work or something doesn't exist. But it could be put to more practical use. And I think that it's a tone of our times that politicians are into themselves more than they are into doing something worthwhile for the people they represent which is really unfortunate. <SEP> That is true. I agree with you in that area. I have a tendency to. I'm from Texas. And I read how our politicians voted each week in the paper. And it's interesting how the votes vary. And what they ran on in platform don't necessarily come true in their voting in the senate or Congress whatever. <SEP> And don't really respond to people who write them and call them. And unless they're in the limelight and under pressure. So. I think we get short changed on that. That's very true. What state do you live in? Texas. <SEP> That's. What do you think about Robin Hood? I work for school district. And it has hurt us a lot. There has to be some way to equalize education opportunities. But I think especially big government tends to think that the solution to everything is to throw money at it. And I don't. That's just not true. I don't think money is going to take the place of intelligence or problem solving skills. I think there are too many things that money can't buy that are important as far as education is concerned. <SEP> That's true. What school district do you work for? Richardson. I work for Plano. <SEP> We're comparable. <SEP> As a matter of fact I just paid my Richardson taxes because I live in Richardson and supplemented the Robin Hoods very thoroughly. I think we have got it on the line don't we. Our taxes went up tremendously. <SEP> And it's not going to get any better. It's going up and up and up. I used to live in the Plano school district. And there was a taxpayers organization that finally communicated the message to the people in Plano that we didn't want our taxes raised. I remember there was about four five years ago. <SEP> But this. I think living in Richardson we're kind of spoiled because I think we come closer to getting our money's worth as far as the city is concerned than probably any city in the country. Did you read in the Dallas paper where they increased the administrators' pay by thirty three percent after they laid off all those teachers. Is that incredible? <SEP> That's the biggest mess I've ever heard of. How can you justify raising anybody's salary if you have to lay people off? But I'm not going to complain because we all got a pay raise this year. <SEP> You all got a pay raise this year. Is that correct? I think the teachers did. And I don't know about administrators. I'm semiretired. And I was an administrator. So I don't get a raise anymore. I work part-time and just get. <SEP> My pay doesn't change. Are you on the early retirement? <SEP> Are you enjoying it? Very much. Course I still work two part-time jobs. So it's not really total retirement. <SEP> It's interesting because when you look at what Richardson has done with the early retirement you.