You want to go ahead and tell me your favorite team or who you think will be doing well this year. Where I'm from the Atlantic coast conference is a very big conference. And course we have Duke University that was the national champions last year. So I'm kind of hoping that they'll repeat again this year. They have a lot of the same players back. Is this the N B A? <SEP> This is college basketball. This is College. <SEP> We have Carolina and Duke and Georgia Tech and N C State teams that are normally ranked in the top twenty. So hopefully we'll have a good year. I don't really follow the N B A very closely. And that's probably all I saw. We have moved in the last couple years from Utah to Texas. And there's so many colleges and universities in Texas we haven't really followed them too much. And none of them are our alma mater. So that seems to help. <SEP> Do you like professional basketball? I follow it especially around the playoffs. So course I was real familiar with the Utah Jazz. And the Mailman or Karl Malone was pretty big thing. And the Lakers have always been amazing to watch. I did keep track a little bit of the Mavericks. They've not had any good seasons for a long time and have a lot of problems with Tarpley. <SEP> And maybe now that that's over they'll come out of it. But. That's an up and coming team though. I hope they do something. They need to. Or they're not going to have any of the team left at all. <SEP> That's somebody you can get behind and be patient. Kind of like the Cowboys I guess. <SEP> They seem to be kind of not having a very good few seasons. They coming out of it this year. We'll see if it's held on. But I think Chicago will probably with the N B A again. The Bulls? <SEP>. They'll probably be pretty good. Course the Celtics are always really good too with their players. That's true. Be interesting to see how the Olympics does this year with all the N B A players playing on the Olympic team. <SEP> That's true. It will be interesting. It will certainly be different. I don't know how close I'll follow them though. <SEP> And the season hasn't started yet. I'm usually more the end of the season person. And we need to talk about baseball. And so. <SEP> My Atlanta Braves. I really do. The basketball season's supposed to start in the next couple of weeks. It's. <SEP> It's a long season. It is it is. And that's why I've. I guess my mind went blank. It's like last season was so long ago. And I haven't really even started thinking about basketball yet. So. But this wasn't a good subject. But We'll see how our predictions come true. <SEP> It's a little early. We definitely will. It's good talking to you. <SEP> Good to talk to you.