Tell me some about your camping experiences Carolyn. I have gone to girl's camp a few times as a chaperon or a leader whatever. <SEP> And I enjoy camping. I. We have a tent. And we've gone even with our family a few times out camping and have a camp stove. I guess my biggest memory is when we froze to death. We just didn't take enough blankets and whatever. Where do you go camping at around here? <SEP> We went camping at Lake Bonham which is pretty close here. We went fairly early in the season for this area which is probably April is when we went. <SEP> And it got really cold at night. And of course we were close enough that we could go back and get some more blankets and things in the morning. But. What activities do you do when you're camping? <SEP> We take little nature hikes. And we take along games that we can play with the kids and just that kind of stuff. Usually try to have occasionally a camp fire at night and roast the marshmallows and what all. That sounds like fun. I grew up in South Dakota up in the Black Hills. <SEP> And so we used to go camping. My dad would take us. There was four of us kids. He'd take us. And we'd all go camping my dad and my mom and the kids. And it was always fun. Because what I always remember is my dad would let us pick our camp spot. And he'd always tell us look for a nice flat little area where we can pitch our tents. And it always had to be somewhere near a river so we could go fishing. And hopefully we'd catch our supper. But we never did. But it was always fun. We'd always. Mom was always prepared. And she'd bring along something because tradition had it we would never catch anything. So we always had something along to eat. <SEP> But then we'd roast marshmallows. And it was always an enjoyable experience. About nineteen eighty-two I moved from Rapid City in the Black Hills. I crossed the state to Aberdeen. And there's no hills. It's flat. And then I was in high school. And couple of my high school friends and I we'd go camping out by a river of course and go fishing. But by then of course I was able to catch some things. But it was always fun. It was a different experience camping in the hills versus camping just by a river. In the hills we would do like you folks did would take the nature hikes and look for animals. And we always. In the hills you can see quite a few different animals. But. <SEP> Go ahead. We used to live in Utah. <SEP> And of course there's lots of mountains around there to camp in and streams and stuff. That's a great place to go camping. And the hiking is just really great. Hike up those mountains is just really fantastic. Are there any mountains or big rocks a person could hike around this area. <SEP> I'm not acquainted with any. I. There's woods and things out in East Texas Tyler area. There's a Tyler State Park that's really a nice camping area. But it's just a lot of trees. It's not. I don't know of any place in Texas that has really big mountains. I. <SEP> The Rocky Mountains are so much bigger than anything that they've got down here that. <SEP> The one in Tyler has it been pretty commercialized? It's not too bad. They have screened in areas. They're not really cabins I wouldn't say. I guess they could call them that but they're more just a screened in camping area whatever. <SEP> They're not bad. Helps keep the pests out I suppose. That sounds. I don't know if I can rate camping. But it sure beats driving a thousand miles to find a mountain I guess. <SEP> That's right. I take it you haven't done a whole lot of camping in this area. We just moved down in June. I see. You're just trying to get over the culture shock still. I'm still trying to find my way around. If I can get on Central from anywhere I'm happy. <SEP> Really the ideal times to camp in this area are early spring and in the fall. <SEP> It just gets so hot in the summer you can hardly. There's a lot.