What? Do you want to start? You hit. It doesn't matter. We're discussing the capital punishment I believe. You are right. I suppose I should have. <SEP> Which. I am pro capital punishment except that I don't like the way it's done. I guess I hate to see anyone die. But I guess these people that go around and kill children and women and everything else without any remorse I don't think they deserve to live and be supported by us the rest of their lives. <SEP> I agree. I'm. Capital. The. Capital punishment is necessary in many cases. But the. It's not a deterrent or our jails would not be so full. There wouldn't be so many people in Death Row. I think it needs to be something a throwback to where they did a public execution where it's visible. <SEP> Something not gruesome. But something more where people know that it was a deterrent and it was equal for all people. If you committed a certain crime you were going to receive a death penalty. And it was going to happen to you. No stays of execution. No loopholes. No. And even that I don't really know if that would help. I think a lot of these people do it mainly because of T V. And a-. <SEP> Notoriety. The double reason ma- they see it being done on T V and also the fact of notoriety. They become well known. They are almost like a big star. But they know that their chances of actually receiving the death penalty are minimal. <SEP> They know that they will probably be out in ten to twelve years. That they are going to write a book. They are going to go on talk shows. They're goin-. That's a reward for a heinous crime rather than having them pay the penalty which is forfeiture of their life. <SEP> In complete. Of any notoriety. I think if they went according to the BIBLE where it does say an eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth a life for a life. <SEP>. You take a life you give yours. <SEP> That's for sure. There's exceptions to the rule. If it's an accidental taking then you look at that. But most of these people that down right go right and do it out of pure pleasure I don't like to see that. I guess also the fact that they say it's not a deterrent. It is a deterrent in the sense that that person will never do it again. <SEP> They will. Not if he's killed he can't do it again. It. <SEP> That's correct. Ye- if he indeed receives the death penalty and it is executed. The death penalty. <SEP>. But the chances are not great that that will happen. <SEP> But there's a greater chance that he'll be back out on the streets in twelve years. I guess I'm also looking at beyond even that. I guess I been thinking about it. And I don't have a definite opinion. But repeat crimes maybe not the more mild ones but more severe ones especially on armed robbery and stuff where they been taking from elderly people and not just taking the money but beating them half to death. <SEP> That's right. Just for pleasure too. And I guess you've got to look at something like that. <SEP> Do they deserve to remain on this earth too? You could carry it to that if they are a repeat offender. And you know that as soon as you let them out on the streets they are going to do this. Unfortunately the way our system of jurisprudence is set up you only receive the death penalty for capital crimes. <SEP> And of course of battery or assault or that is not a capital crime. You wouldn't be able to under our system. China and a few other countries have a little different view of that. You get caught with dope there and you die period. <SEP> There is no appeals. There is no.