I guess I've always kind of liked golf. I worked on a golf course at one time. And that's how I picked up golf. And I don't know. It's just kind of a challenging game. It sure is. I play at least three times a week. <SEP> I'm on it. I haven't gotten the chance lately though to play. I'm trying to get back into it. So I got to start all over again. It's not like riding a bicycle. You do tend to forget. <SEP> I'm one of those rare left-handed golfers. And I do enjoy playing. What is your handicap? <SEP> Right now it's three. I was down at about four or five quite awhile ago. It's probably up there to twenty now if I to start again. If you play with some consistency though you can get it right back down. I have got to try and get out there. I know with our long winters I enjoy watching it. I don't know if it's just because I like the game or I just like to see the warm weather. <SEP> We can usually play here year around. Sometimes in January it's not too comfortable to play. But there is usually two or three days in the week that you can get out there and play. And I'm pretty much addicted to golf. So. I get out there one way or the other. That's the problem out here with the long layovers with the winter. You almost have to relearn every spring to get back out. <SEP> It's a good game though. It's very challenging. And the reason I like it so much is because I'm essentially playing against myself. That's the way I look at it. I play in a lot of groups. But they keep score between themselves. But I really don't care. I go out. And each shot I say this is what I'm going to try to do. <SEP> And then I see how close I can come to that. You always work on trying to improve each day. And. And inevitably one facet of my game isn't working at one time or another. Either I'm not driving very well. Or I'm not hitting long irons very well. Or I'm not putting well. But sometimes it all comes together. I know what you mean. When I used to golf out there I'd putt well but I wouldn't chip well. One of the two. Or something would go wrong. But I always managed to get near par anyway. <SEP> We just had the tour championship here in Pine Hurst. And I went to that. Craig Statler won in a playoff. <SEP> But we. This is a big golf area. We have a lot of. I'd say we probably have within fifteen miles twenty golf communities built around courses that are pretty well designed and then of course Pine Hurst. And we still have the Greensboro Open here every year. Do you have long waits to get on the course? <SEP> We do as a matter of fact. It's only been that way in the last five years. But now you. Most of the courses have a two day advance tee time you have to call. I just moved into this small community. So I'm going to try and get into one of the golf courses here. <SEP> I'm hoping that won't be cou-. I was from the twin cities area. <SEP> <SEP> That's some cold golf too isn't it? Are you sure you guys aren't having the bad weather? <SEP> We have cold. Usually January and the first two weeks of February. I wish that's all we had. <SEP> But last week we were in the seventies. Something is coming through now. So it's in the low forties right now. But it's supposed to leave early in the week and then be back in the sixties. We have very windy winters and very cold. <SEP> But we don't get any snow anymore. I don't know what changed that pattern. We used to get four or five inches a year. Now we get nothing. It's been probably five years since we've had any measurable snowfall. I see. At least that doesn't get in the way of golfing. So that. But I have played golf in the snow before. Get out my orange golf ball and go out. <SEP> That's what they do here sometimes. You hear about it where they will take the orange ball out there. But if you got.