. So what do you guys having up there? I haven't been up there since forty-eight I guess. Forty-eight. That's a long time. <SEP> It wasn't forty-eight. It was forty-eight. I was in the Air Force. We did an air show out at Andrews. Andrews? <SEP> So what's it been like up there? For the past week or two it's been cold and wet. But before that for most of the year it's been hot and dry. <SEP> September was hot and dry. October. September really was. I'm not sure about October. I think for about twelve months through September the average temperature has been higher than normal each month. Lots of ninety degree days during the summer. <SEP> It really has been strange here this year. Course this whole year has been a different year in more ways than one. <SEP> But we have all these. Somebody said you're either a stranger or a fool to try to predict Texas weather. But. Always they were saying it was going to be the hottest summer ever. And we had all this rain. And it really is not a bad summer at all really cool. But all of a sudden in October it got real hot and dry and just stayed that way for a long time. And then the end of October it started rain almost a week without stopping just pouring down. There were flash floods everywhere that kind of deal. And then into of November the first week actually we had a freeze. <SEP> And the average first frost is the fifteenth of November here. If you had it early. But usually it's not until later. It's really strange. I think we usually have a frost in October. <SEP> But. We really need the rain that we've been getting. And it has not today. But the last few days it's been pouring most of the day. Is it flooding anywhere? Flooding anywhere. I have not heard of any problems of it flooding anywhere. That's occurred certainly at times in the past. But. I've not heard of any particular problems this time. <SEP> It's just kind of clou-. We're supposed to have a chance to get some rain the next couple of days here which will be a little bit more typical autumn weather. But really it's strange. We haven't really had an autumn. It's like we went into winter. The poor trees said what. We had summer lasting long. Then it became winter today it's sort of change to warmer to sort of more typical autumn day. <SEP> It's. There. Usually there's. I have a farm a hundred miles east of here in East Texas. And all these huge trees just like the eastern hard wood belt all the way up to Maine. It's that same trees pines and hard woods hickories and oaks and stuff. <SEP> And I was up there last weekend. And there are trees that still have their leaves on. And they're green. But they're dead. The freeze just got them. They weren't ready for it at all apparently. And we haven't had a typical fall at all. Not much color changes have occurred at all. Really weird this year. I'm not sure what that means. I don't know. Our leaves are all on the ground now. I think it was an especially good winter for fall colors. <SEP> So you all actually had some color? It kind of crept in. And. We did for a time. <SEP> It's usually beautiful up there isn't it? Gorgeous. That's. I think you could drive along in Maryland and look at the sweet gum trees on each side and the pines and what not. And you could be driving along in East Texas and looks just the same. It's almost identical kind of country. <SEP> Beautiful. Been that this year for the trees for the leaves. <SEP> I was up there cutting some firewood this weekend. So. <SEP> Little oak tree that was dead and cut it up and split it. That's because it can't tolerate a freeze this early. Is that right? If it would came later it would be all right? <SEP> There's some trees. Like the oaks the white oaks seem to be pretty hardy. There's. Nothing bothers them. Their leaves are still green. And. There are a few oaks that have lost their leaves. What I notice mostly is the red maples that the leaves are just dead the dogwoods still look they got bit on the ends of the leaves a little bit. But they still look pretty good. It just depends on the tree.