I'll let you start this time. How much do you like lawn and garden work? Even though it's totally out of my degree training I've been working in the horticultural aspect so the last fifteen twenty years I'm. <SEP> For goodness sakes. <SEP> What do you do? I work for the state as a grounds keeper. That's interesting. So at this time of the year are you doing much garden work? Mostly snow removal which we've had a lot of. <SEP> But I don't know. I guess growing up on the farm and that I've always had a big interest. When I have an area to do I always had a big garden and enjoy working on lawns and everything. <SEP> I love to work outside really. And I enjoy flowers and stuff. I don't do a whole lot of it at this exact point in my life because I have two teenage boys. And so they do all the lawn care. <SEP> But I still take care of the flower beds and things like that. I was even planning to go out and to dig up some hibiscus plants that will not make it through the winter here but were planted in the ground since last spring. <SEP> And I was going to dig them up for a friend and for some starters for me. And about five days ago we had a freeze down to about twenty-three degrees or something. So the hibiscus plants no longer exist. That's terrible. Twenty-three de-. <SEP> And I really feel bad about it. It's a plant that we've had for probably twenty-five years that these were cuttings off of. <SEP> So they're all gone at this point. Gardening in Texas is really interesting though. I grew up in Illinois. And Texas is just so hot in the summer and so dry. Everyone that lives in town and has yards practically has watering system. <SEP> And so with that our lawns do stay pretty nice all summer if you water. But in the winter we have Bermuda grass. <SEP> And in the winter it turns as brown as a grocery sack. And I just think it's ugly. <SEP> When I go back home to my parents in Illinois in the winter their grass is fairly green. That's one aspect of a lot of those grasses they go dormant. I think the Saint Augustine and Centipede grass is another one you have quite a bit of down there. Those two. <SEP> Some people have fescue that stays green all winter. But they really have a heck of a time keeping it going in the middle of the summer. <SEP> They have to water an incredible amount. But those lawns look nice during the winter. But they almost stick out like a pretty thumb. But when you look at the neighborhoods and they're all brown except the one. It's sort of like. I know my folks live in Arizona there. And they just grow rocks. And. That's their gardening there. I guess as long as you can have some grass there. <SEP> So. I know I was in Houston when I was working for a company once. And we were taking care of lawns out there. And that particular year they had just tons of rain. It was raining continuously. And then I know with all that moisture a lot of the lawns get a lot of disease problems. <SEP> That's true. Houston is a lot wetter than Dallas area. That's where Plano is. And just humidity just all the time it's an awfully lot more humid. Are you able to get sometimes a double crops of certain things in your garden? <SEP> I think people do. I don't have a vegetable garden. I guess I never have here actually. But. We have Neil Sperry talks on the radio.