My personal opinion I don't mind paying taxes necessarily. I just sometimes wonder if our money is being used in the best way. Sometimes when I hear what they're even what the politicians are making when they're getting a hundred and fifty thousand plus benefits and that I think that's just a bit too much to be paying them. And that's all tax money. When you figure out how many politicians and each one getting that much it's just billions of dollars. That's is just being thrown away. <SEP> And then when you read about that they're spending all the money on these studies that have no relevance whatsoever that kind of ticks you off too. But somebody was telling me the other day that they heard some senator say that what we're paying it's not that we mind paying taxes it's that we're paying too much for a lousy government. <SEP> And I tend to agree with that. I'm not really into what they're doing per se. <SEP> And I think there's just too many levels of bureaucracy. I think it can be managed by less levels. I know any time there's a big budget cut. I work with the state. And any time there is a budget cut or crunches it's always the small guy that gets hurt. It's never the person that's making a hundred thousand there. It's always the person that's making the least amount. And sometimes we're running around there. <SEP> I see these supervisors running around having meetings. I really don't know what they do. I sometimes wonder are they really doing anything. Or. <SEP> I think we're going to see a streamlining in the government. I don't know what level or how long it will take for the public in general to start saying this is too much. We're not going to pay any more. We're not going to pay for this. And you're out. I think we're starting to see it a little bit now. But I think I don't know what kind of input we're going to get from the public and how they're going to go about doing it. Because I think we're just getting taxed way too much. Right now we're getting taxed probably around thirty-five percent or more. And that's me not making a whole lot of money. They got so many hidden taxes that it's really hard to figure out how much you are paying because go to a grocery store something like that and you're paying a little tax here. And you. <SEP> So. Gas I don't know about you guys. But there's probably at least about twenty-five to thirty cents of different taxes on our gas. And you don't realize. <SEP> We got a sales tax. Our sales tax is eight percent. And I don't know what our gas tax is. I think it's somewhere around twenty five cents a gallon. So. They're hitting us up. And they may not raise it federally as much one year. But then they'll raise it somewhere in the state or the sales tax or property tax or whatever. It's just you can see that your money is just not going that far. I know with Reagan they say no new taxes. But they changed the deductions on you. And that just raises your taxes they just get it a different way. <SEP> So to me it did raise my taxes. You could tell just by how much money you have left over. And all of a sudden it's eating me alive. I heard someone say that if they would just something with the defense budget all that extra money they're throwing back if they cut back by so much percentage it could throw back about six hundred dollars on an average six hundred dollars.