For N I S T the National Institute of Standards and Technology. So it's right up your alley then. I suppose so. Let me push the button. <SEP> I guess I'm supposed to be all for switching to the metric system. But I sense that it's not going to happen anytime soon. I don't think it's going to happen either. But I wish it were. Because I got my bachelor's in mechanical engineering. <SEP> I'm at grad school now in acoustics. And all we do is metric stuff. You're now in what? Acoustics. Acoustics. <SEP> So everything's metric. And then you go to read some order book or something. And it's all confusing. So I don't understand as much. So I think we should get one adopted permanently. I guess that is the policy. But it's been the policy for a long time. And nothing ever happens. I suppose some things happen slowly simply by having it taught in the schools more to the extent that that's happening having a new generation come up that's more used to it. A lot of industry out there is doing metric stuff because they have to. They have to for international trade. <SEP> But I guess it's easier to switch back and forth than it used to be because of computers coming into everything. I don't think switching back and forth is that big a deal. I think people need to understand more what a meter is instead of how many feet in a meter or something. Just get used to using all the terms. Because someone says a kilogram. No one knows what that is. Everyone wants a conversion of that before kind of recognizing it as a concept to hold in mind. <SEP> I don't see that it can change it very quickly. We're not the kind of society that something can be posed upon by government will. No one seems to be adopting it. Metric system no one wants it at all seems like. The public is just very conservative that way in refusing to change measurement systems money dollar coins anything like that. <SEP> And it obviously makes no sense that we're practically alone in the world in using the old system. It's pretty tough when you get everything confused though. I think two systems is worse than one though. Because we do a lot of problems and things. And they're half english and half metric. And you make more mistakes doing all the conversions than you would doing the problems. Just get one. I prefer metric. But even if it's english they should just have one. Unfortunate- I think people like you are relatively rare who are coming up against this problem every day. <SEP> I think so. Your average guy jogging down the highway wants to know how many miles it is to his destination. There are things you could do. We have signs up on the N I S T campus here speed limit twenty-five miles per hour forty kilometers per hour. But that hasn't been adopted very widely. <SEP> They have some of those in Ohio. There's this one sign's kind of funny. It says metric signs next hundred miles. And no one will go a step further to remove the english signs. <SEP> That would force everybody to use it. Or to quit selling tape measures in inches. Or you have highway signs saying speed limit eighty-five whatever would be the appropriate number. I guess a hundred is sixty-two. Hundred car is going sixty-two. It would be more like ninety I guess. Car is going fifty-five. You suddenly have a even worse problem with speeding than we do now. <SEP> You have a bunch of people trying to do ninety. Where you are. Do the schools emphasize the metric system? In the engineering they all do pretty much. I meant down in the elementary schools. <SEP> In the elementary schools. I don't know. I wouldn't think so. I remember a ways back we did conversions. I think. But we never actually went out and measured anything or did anything on one system. I think my children learned the metric system. But it doesn't get emphasized over the other. <SEP> They learn how many centimeters are in an inch. And that's about it.