. I think that gets us off to discussing the topic for tonight. Which is movies. Correct? That is correct. <SEP> Are you a movie buff? I don't like going to see them in the theaters. But outside of that rent a lot. Watch them on T V mostly. I have a V C R. And I see most all of mine there. What have you seen recently that you enjoyed? <SEP> I don't know. Actually earlier tonight we were watching TO LIVE AND DIE IN L A. Have you seen that movie? I haven't. It's kind of one of those psycho ones. I live alone. Consequently I don't like these psycho things. <SEP> It's not too bad. One of those cop thrillers. But. Have you seen the mov-. If. Do you have a V C R? We do. Have you seen the movie CLASS ACTION with Gene Hackman? <SEP> I haven't yet. I saw it this weekend. And it is to me an outstanding movie. I thoroughly enjoyed it. He is an attorney and his daughter is an attorney. And she has a suit against his company. It's one of those things. That. But there's a lot of l-. It's something that anyone can watch and enjoy. <SEP> He's a good actor though. Beg your pardon? Gene Hackman's a good actor. I think. He is. <SEP> Do you see HOOSIERS? I've seen HOOSIERS. Saw it just again the other night for. Actually we saw her just the other night too. Did you? <SEP> It's one of our favorite movies. I live with a roommate and my girlfriend the three of us. We've seen that movie probably six times in the last six months. Have you seen the movie CROSSING DELANCY? That's one I have watched six or eight times. I always feel so good when I get through with that movie. <SEP> I like those movies that you watch time and time again. I do too. DIRTY DANCING and CROSSING DELANCY are two of my favorite. What business are you in? I'm an electrical engineer. In New Hampshire. <SEP> I work in Massachusetts actually. Is everything going all right up there? It's only about half an hour. I live on the border. That's that bad then. Half an hour we do that just going to downtown Dallas. <SEP> That's right. We live up in tax free New Hampshire and drive down to Massachusetts to work. That makes a lot of sense. <SEP> But we. Are you a native of that part of the country? I grew up in New Hampshire. It seems southern town. It's called Portsmouth. It's fifteen minutes from the Mass- border and five minutes from the main border. We live right in the corner. <SEP> That one little spot in New Hampshire we have ten miles of coastline. I live on that little ten mile spot. Sounds wonderful. Did you have damage this year with hurricanes? Not up where I live. But further down the coast in Massachusetts they got hit pretty bad. I happened to be in Nassau. And we got the backlash of that thing. And they had record high waves thirty year high waves come in there. And it was quite an experience. So. What movies are you looking forward to seeing now? <SEP> I'm only twenty-seven years old. So THE DOORS movie that's out on video. I want to watch that. Have you seen GREEN CARD? That would be pretty good. I haven't seen that one. That's a real warm movie. It really just turned out nicely. So I would recommend that if you have a chance. <SEP> I'm in for it. We rent a lot of movies. So we often sit around and say what movies should we rent? And we don't know. If you can get GREEN CARD go for it. <SEP> We'll try that one. I have been working as an accountant at the medical school here in Dallas. And I have watched GROSS ANATOMY. Have you seen that one? I did. And I don't know. I can associate with some of the people in that movie because of the young students I see over at the medical school. But I hope you have a very Merry Christmas. <SEP> You too. I'm looking forward to it. I think we're going to have a white Christmas up here just like the song says.