My name is Donna. And I'm calling from Plano Texas. I'm Jay in Dallas. I find exercise kind of a task I guess I'd say. I go to aerobics two days a week. But I also have three kids at home. So they keep me pretty busy. <SEP> That keeps you plenty of exercise. That gives me plenty of exercise. But I enjoy walking outside and bicycling once in a while with the family. Excuse me. That's fine. And yourself. I have. I walked and run almost every morning. I've sort of stopped here with the weather change. But it's about a thirty minute exercise every morning. Every morning. My husband swims every day at lunch which he loves doing. <SEP> That would. That's fantastic exercise. He does it every day like a ritual. Once in a while or if he has a business meeting or if someone invites him to lunch he'll not go. But he goes every day. And then he's a runner too. He runs three mornings a week. He gets up about five and does his deal. And some days he doesn't. But then maybe he'll catch up on the weekend and go for a run. <SEP> And we. I'd rather get a bicycle. But I had an exercise bike in the house but didn't seem to use it enough. So somebody sold it in a garage sale. But I'd like to get a bike and just do biking outside. <SEP> The bicycling is nice especially with the weather around here. And I know my husband and I both do it to just keep the pounds off. We're getting up in age in our late thirties. So we need to keep exercising just to be able to. <SEP> It keeps going. Because I'm fifty-five. And it just gets worse. You still want to eat. But you just. I know. I think you feel better too if you get on some program like that. But. I go to this aerobics class two mornings a week. And I take my three year old with me. There's a nursery there. And it's kind of another day out for her to have little friends. <SEP> And I enjoy the socialization of it. Getting to see the same women every morning. But there are some parts during that exercise that I think I can not do another second of this. <SEP> I know some of it is so tough. It is. <SEP> And especially when somebody's planning lunch for you and they know what's good for you. I think when we do it ourselves. We take the easy way sometimes. That's true. That's true. So. <SEP> Thank you for calling. Thank you for participating. <SEP> Thank you.