. What do you think is the worst culprit for air pollution? I think it's probably a combination of things. Factories that burn coal as an energy source with sulfur and nitrogen contaminants. And you get sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides. <SEP> Those are the ones I think primarily contribute to acid rain. And I think that's probably hurting us a little bit. It's hurting Germany for example too and some other parts of Europe where they have high industry. So we're not the lone ranger here. I. It's hard to put the finger on what's worse the acid rain situation or the ozone depletion with your hydrocarbons causing the damage in which. <SEP> Hopefully we're backing off from that a little bit. But I know we haven't cured it yet by a long shot. I notice on one of these home shopping networks they were selling these halogen fire extinguishers. <SEP> And the halogen is an ozone depleter. And it got hydrocarbons in there. It's a very clean fire extinguisher. But it's really bad on the environment. I guess I missed that one. Automobiles of course are contributing too. And you know how we are with our love affair with the auto. <SEP> Kind of hard to do anything about that I guess. I know. In the Twin Cities area. I just moved out of there and was kind of happy I timed it just right. But they had a new policy where in order to get your car license renewed you had to meet the pollution standards. <SEP> And. We have that here too. But it's part of the inspection sticker. They put a probe in your exhaust pipe. And the computer reads whatever the ionization is coming out. And so that's the way they're dealing with it here. <SEP> I guess that was just mainly in the cities there. And as far as where I live I don't have to do that. But I have an old car which I doubt would pass the inspection a seventy-six. And there's no way I would put in a lot of money to repair it to meet standards. <SEP> It'd probably be difficult anyway. So although I do what I can to cut down pollution. But. I was just reading an article in MOTHER EARTH NEWS magazine. <SEP> And they've got a new. A lot of places are burning wood. A lot of people are burning wood. Those of us who have. I've got a place in the country. <SEP> And they've had catalytic converters on those on. I think they're required in California and Oregon and Washington. But they've had up those for quite a while. And somebody's come up with a new one that sort of. It's a catalytic converter. It's a plate that fits into the smoke pipe. And apparently it sort of feeds itself. The more smoke is produced. After you get to like five hundred degrees the higher it gets the more complete the combustion is. And it sounds real neat. I haven't seen them priced anywhere yet. But that sounds like that might help solve that problem even on older stoves that don't have any kind of E P A requirements on them. <SEP> That might help a little bit especially in some places. We're really lucky here. We have a prevailing southerly wind that blows just about everything out. Sometimes we get a kind of a. Especially in autumn it seem like we get kind of a brown haze sitting on us. But most of the time it's blowing out pretty well. <SEP> Probably blowing up there to you guys. Around here we get. It depends. Either in the winter time it blows it your way. And in the summer time we probably get yours. <SEP> It comes back. I really think we're doing some important things. Education raising consciousness awareness. I know school kids. I work for the school district here. And this is one of the big things with kids. Kids are writing letters to the newspapers telling adults to clean up their act. <SEP> And it's. I hope we're not too late with it. We're having all kinds of recycling. It that's a big thing too. I know it has nothing to do with air pollution. But I kind of look at the way people treat our.