My name is Donna. And I'm calling from Plano Texas. This is Laurie. And I'm in Garland. Would you like me to go first? <SEP> I have three children two who are in regular school eleven year old an eight year old. And then my little one three year old is in a University of Gymnastics. It's a preschool. And I think it was really hard to pick the right day care or preschool or Mother's Day Out. I guess you can classify them all together. <SEP> Some of the qualifications that I look for was the cost and exactly what they did if it was structured or nonstructured if they had a little academic in there and what the qualifications of the teachers' were and if the place was clean and the hours. And just kind of going by word of mouth and finding out if anybody else has been pleased with their program that kind of stuff. <SEP> We don't have any children. But we're going to have one next year. Congratulations. <SEP> So that's something that I'm probably going to be looking at maybe in the future. We haven't quite decided if I'm going to. I'm working part time now. And I don't know if I'll be doing that or what we're going to do. Or staying home. <SEP> But if we do then I'm going to need to find somebody. And our church has a Mother's Day Out program which they started last year. And we know a lot of people at the church. So I would feel very confident with leaving my child there. That's a very good place to start I think. <SEP> The Mother's Day Out programs. And that's where Shannon had started in a Mother's Day Out program. And the churches always have a pretty good program. And you have to make sure that you apply pretty early because a lot of places have very long waiting lists. <SEP> And another question to ask is if they're state certified if the teachers have their Master's degree in child education and child development. <SEP> What kind of a structure is it going to be. When your child's a little bit older like a three year old you'd be more concerned with if there's a type of care that it's torture for them to lay down and take a nap. Is there a mandatory nap time? <SEP> Time. What they do at Shannon's school is have a video tape going. And they lay on these little mats. And if they fall asleep they kind of let them sleep. And the teacher stays with the sleeping ones. And the other ones get up and go do something else. So she doesn't have to necessary take a nap there which is nice. <SEP>. It's kind of scary because you hear so many bad things about day cares lately. That's true. <SEP> And so I guess it's such a growing concern. But then there's a lot of good things you don't hear. And sometimes when the child's a lot younger before three years old the church is a good program. And sometimes you even consider having a private person come to your own home when they're real little or something like that. And another consideration is what's the ratio of teachers to children. <SEP> To children. Because that makes a difference. And if your child would be maybe sleeping in that crib all day. Just your child or do they just put any child in any crib. <SEP> You would want maybe your child to have their own sheets all the time and not have another child use that bed. <SEP> I'm sure that whatever you decide you'll be happy with. And it's exciting time to have a new one. <SEP> We're pretty excited. I bet. That's wonderful. But we have been thinking about that. But it's a little ways off in the future. <SEP> But I figure I'd probably start asking around at church because I know they have a limit as to how old they can be before you can bring them in. Asking. <SEP> Some places take them as infants like eight weeks even. There's a place to look into. A friend of mine who's a nurse was telling about a wonderful new place that opened some place on Fifteenth Street. Up. It's in Plano somewhere where. Nurses that used to work in the hospital take care of infants and then only up to two years old. <SEP> And it's supposed to be really a. Some places just specialize in just real little ones. And then other ones are the older children. <SEP> But it is a difficult situation I think. When they're little it's almost easier to leave them because when they're three and they're cry.