What kind of car are you thinking of buying next? More than likely it's going to be a Chrysler. You like the Chrysler products do you? <SEP> Chrysler LeBaron. It won't be a Ford. I've got a Ford Mustang now. And I hate it. Do you really? What year is it? <SEP> It's a eighty-eight. And why don't you like the Mustang? It's. I've had one problem with it after the other. I'll be darned. <SEP> The paint's peeling off of it. And there's no reason for it. Fix or repair daily or find them road dead. You know the old sayings about Fords what they stand for. There you go. <SEP> That. I. It's. My electrical system shorted out like two or three times. And it's been torn up since April. And luckily everything was under warranty. So it's only costing a hundred and forty dollars to get it fixed. It would have been two thousand. We've always had Oldsmobiles and been very happy with Oldsmobiles. But my wife thought she wanted to get a Ford Mustang. And then she kind of changed her mind and thinks her next car ought to be one of those Mitsubishi Eclipses. She likes those. <SEP> Those are nice cars. She has a sister that lives in Phoenix that has one and really enjoys it. What things do you consider when you buy a car? The gas mileage for one thing. And I've always had stick shift. The next car I get I want it to be automatic. I see. <SEP> I hate driving anyway. And changing gears at stop lights and stuff is really getting on my nerves now. Especially when you're in high traffic areas and have to mess with that all the time. <SEP> And when you work nine to five or eight to five and you're in rush hour traffic to and from work unfortunately. That makes it very frustrating. And I look. And one of the things with Chrysler right now is the warranties that they have. And I feel like their. Everybody I've talked to that owns one has been real pleased with it. And I like the driver's air bag. I like that. This is a LeBaron? <SEP> All Chrysler products has it in there. But LeBaron would be the next car I get. I sure like those rag top LeBarons. They really look sporty. I like that too. But I couldn't afford the insurance on one of those. We always. This last Oldsmobile we bought it's an eighty-seven. But we bought it in eighty-eight right at the end of the year when they were trying to get rid of them. <SEP> And we found a real good interest rate. When they're trying to get rid of those cars at the end of the year like that they really come down on their prices. And we looked around at used cars. And we really couldn't afford the payments on a used car. Because if you go to the bank and try to get a loan they want to charge twelve thirteen percent. And we ended up with a four and a half percent interest rate on a brand new car and the payments. That's what I'm paying on mine now. I had to get a first time. My dad's always cosigned on my loans or whatever. And this is one when I bought. I got my Mustang this time by myself because I got on my own or whatever. And I had said. They said it had to be a first time buyer's car or whatever. And they're charging me unreasonable interest. But I've got eight more payments. And it's paid for. That's great. <SEP> But I got it when the eighty-eights first came out. It's a good car I got in eighty-seven in November or something like that. And. When our kids were younger we really wanted a two door. Our first car was an Oldsmobile back in seventy-seven. It was a two door Cutlass Supreme. And it just happened that when we looked for our new car they had a thing going with Oldsmobile. And if you'd buy a new Oldsmobile they'd give you four hundred rebate because it was their seventy-fifth anniversary. I belie-. Seventy-fifth anniversary. So in addition to everything else we got off the car all we had to do is show them our papers on our first car. And they gave us another four hundred dollars off on it. So we got a four door this time. And I sort of went more for the comfort factor. And I liked the smaller cars. But I'm a bigger person. And I really like comfort driving along the road and stuff. <SEP> That's another big factor of mine. Next car I get's going to be a four door too. Something with some room. Because my Mustang is two door with bucket seats. And you buy groceries and stuff like that. And if you try to take anybody go to the show or go out for supper and you go as a foursome.