I was going to say my college is Northern State University in Aberdeen South Dakota. And our head football coach Dennis Muir used to be an assistant coach at B Y U. So I thought that was kind of an interesting coincidence. <SEP> So you went to what college? Northern State University in Aberdeen South Dakota. And what did you graduate in? I ju-. In what major or what year? <SEP> Major. International business. And you? <SEP> I'm going to B Y U. And I'm going into nursing. So. That sounds interesting. How long of a program is that? <SEP> Forever. Seems like. It's about five years. But it's probably going to take me longer because I didn't decide to major in that until about a year and a half after I was already in school. So. I read a study once. And it said that like thirty-four percent of college students actually graduate in four years from a four year program. <SEP> That sounds. It took me five years. So you get started. And you change your mind. Or you want to pick up a second major. If you're management you thought I'll take that marketing. It only was three more classes. <SEP> And just doesn't happen that you get out in four years. But. <SEP> What is your advice to picking a college. My advice is look at the student to faculty ratio. If you're going to go to a college where student faculty ratio is three and four hundred to one I don't think you're going to have as meaningful of a college experience as if you're down to the thirty to forty to one. <SEP> What was yours more like? Was there a. It was about twenty-six to one. <SEP>. That's great. Which is. It's interesting. But it's. What I thought was nice is there was always time to talk to professor. And they knew you. <SEP> You weren't just in their class. And so you could go talk to them in their office almost at any time. Or if you ran into them in the student union or whatever you could sit down talk to them about a problem. They're always willing to help you out. But I put that against my high school where we had a biology class of three hundred and fifty students. And. In high school? <SEP> It was a biology lecture class. And it just wasn't the same. You're sitting there. And you're taking notes. And you got a computerized test scores multiple choice because there's no way they could correct a three hundred fifty person short answer test. <SEP> And it just wasn't the same. You'd pass the teacher in high school. And even in high school you could say high to your teachers unless you're in that biology class. And they'd look at you like do I know you? Or should I know you? It's. The classes here are pretty big. So it's hard to get individual help. It's kind of you're on your own. Do you get a lot of tutoring. Or. <SEP> Very little. My. For example I'm in a chemistry class right now. And there's tons of students in it. And there's one T A for the whole class. <SEP> And he only has certain office hours. And so there's only certain times you can talk to him. And. And you could get there. And he could have a nine to eleven in the morning office hours and have forty-two people waiting to talk to him. And you still didn't get to talk to him anyway. What would be your advice to a parent of a child thinking of attending college? <SEP> I think your advice is good. Let's see. My advice would be to pick a major before you get into college. That's excellent advice. Because I didn't. And I took tons of classes that I didn't need to. And I don't know. I just feel like it's going to take me a lot longer than. And not that's always bad. But it's. I don't know. It's frustrating I guess. It does get it. You get to the point where I'm never going to get done. <SEP> I was taking summer classes. And let me get out of here. But. That's good advice. Even if you don't have your major decided on have an idea what you think you might want. You don't want management. But you think you want business.