What's your favorite baseball team Rita? I suppose I'm supposed to say the Rangers. Is that what I-. <SEP> Is the million dollar question here? That isn't a true false or right or wrong test here. I would like to say the Rangers. But unfortunately they're not. I was from Illinois. And my favorite team was the White Sox. Not a Cubbies fan. <SEP> My dad was. But I turned out to be a White Sox fan. That's all right. I lived in Chicago. How do you expect them to do this year? <SEP> They did pretty well. What did you think of the World Series? I'll tell you. I just moved down from South Dakota in July. And in South Dakota the Minnesota Twins are the closest professional sports team to where I was living. <SEP> And so everybody was a Twins fan. And I didn't have much interest in the Twins. It was kind of pathetic. We only had two radio stations. And one of them broadcast every Twins game live. And the other one was country. So you didn't really have a lot of choice did you. So that's right. <SEP> There's was Twins there or Skip Williams. Or country. <SEP> And I was routing for the Twins myself because a couple of Ranger players that I had watched when we first moved here went to Minnesota. And we used to tease about my son. And I used to have a bet going about some of the players that had moved from here to Minnesota. But it certainly was an exciting Series anyway. It sure was. It sure was. What do you think going to happen to the Rangers? I would like to assume that they're going to do better this coming year. <SEP> Or can we predict? I was sure hopeful anyway. When we moved down I was able to go to my first baseball game and thought this is great this is incredible. So I became a Rangers fan. I didn't really have one in South Dakota. So I adopted the Rangers. Or rather they adopted me I guess. <SEP> And it was just exciting. You can watch baseball on T V. And they hit the long ball. And it looks like they really hit that ball. But when you go to the ball park it's really not all that far. And it's so much more exciting watching a ball come at you. And. <SEP> Isn't it though. But I think going to the ball park just really makes it. Because then you watch it on T V you feel like you're more a part of it too. That's right. That's right. I'm a great sports enthusiast. So I love baseball teams. And they. In fact on the news tonight Nolan Ryan was on there. He was put in the Restaurant Hall of Fame. The Restaurant Ha-. <SEP> The Restaurant Hall of Fame inducted him tonight. And he says he's coming back. He doesn't know how many years to pitch. <SEP> He'll be at least one more. And he said he's been saying one more and it's been two and three might be two and three more. He likes it. That's right. And he's still doing great still doing excellent. <SEP> That's right. And he said I get a kick out of it. He's such a nice man. Didn't he just sign a twelve year contract with the Rangers? <SEP> And he. When he quits at being active he will go into managing and being a coach I'm sure. Management. <SEP> But he certainly is a good example for the kids. That's right. You like to have someone like that you could point to say see what a fine man he is. Some of the. Ivan Rodriguez wasn't even born when Nolan Ryan started pitching. <SEP> That's right. And it's just incredible to think that there are players who are the sons of ball players that used to play against Nolan or with Nolan. And now their sons are. <SEP> He's been a legend for so many years. And I don't know. Had you moved here yet when he did the exhibition at U T with his son. His son pitched for U T. And he pitched for an exhibition game for the Rangers. I wasn't. It was a. I think it was a little early part of the summer. And Nolan against. Was it Nolan against. <SEP> Ryan against Ryan. Ryan against Ryan. His son pitched for U T. That is neat. <SEP> And only Ryan didn't want too much publicity on it because he didn't want his son getting too nervous about this whole thing. A game is a game. The Rangers really knocked the socks off of them which you would expect anyway. <SEP> But Nolan took himself out after a couple of innings or something of the game. So.