What do you think about the self insurance business? I watched something on T V a couple of months ago by ex Surgeon General Koop. <SEP> And he talked about Canada's system. And it appears to work fine for the normal colds and things like that. But the expensive stuff heart operations and things they have a managed scarcity. And they said that in Canada there were as many heart trauma centers as there is in San Francisco. So in one city in America there's as many hospitals that are equipped to do heart operations as in the entire area of Canada. And that's kind of spooky. I understand what you're saying. And there's probably some truth to that. I think that generally I don't welcome added government responsibilities. However when anybody can't police their own profession it eventually leads to that. And I think the costs and the way the medical profession has every year. I being in my own business. In the last six years every year there's been at least minimum twenty-five percent increase in health insurance costs. And I think eventually the number of people that can afford health insurance as it is now getting squeezed and squeezed tighter. I think they're asking for it. I think the medical profession is just pushing until there's no option but the government take it over. And. <SEP> Do you think that it's just medical guys? What about how expensive new equipment and technology is. That's where I think most of the cost is coming. I think a lot of it is. I don't disagree totally with that. But my wife this last summer when we were on vacation tore up her knee. And it was ligaments in her knee as it turned out. She came back that. We were out at Cape Hatteras when this happened. And she got home. And the leading orthopedic man who has handled football people for years and is as good as they come. He knows knee problems. <SEP> If anyone does this guy knows it. She goes in. He says I think this is what it is. But you better go to the hospital and have one of these M R I things. A thousand dollars for this magnetic resonance imaging type thing. And my wife said do I need that? And he says it'll help me diagnose this. I suggest you go have this thing. Insurance won't pick this up unless you're in the hospital. A thousand dollars for thirty-five minutes. Doctors routinely send people in for anything. For years they didn't have this. And they solved these problems. And. <SEP> I said to her look if you feel you got to go go. But I think a thousand dollars. These guys. I don't know what it is. But there's no doubt they get kickbacks to fill these machines up night and day. And even if they cost a hundred two hundred five hundred thousand dollars at roughly a thousand dollars every half hour that's ridiculous. I don't care what anyone says. The costs are not. It's a picture. It shouldn't cost more than thirty-five bucks for something like that reasonableness. But they aren't reasonable. Fifty a hundred dollars. They don't have to pay them back in three months time. <SEP> I'll have to agree with you there. But there's another problem. And that's how litigious our society is. If the doctor makes a mistake he can be sure that he's going to be hauled into court. I think that's another problem. But that's part of our legalese problem. And that the government eventually will address too just because it's out of control. I agree with you. I was on a jury. I didn't make the jury. But there was a deal where a doctor was going to be sued for malpractice on the death on an infant. <SEP> It was three days after it was born. And he was the one that delivered it. And they got four attorneys. One guy out of Houston he introduced himself as snake so-and-so. And he says anyone have trouble awarding five million dollars. And I says yeah. I got problems with. Five million bucks isn't going to bring this kid back. As sorrowful as it is. If the doctor is wrong he should be pulled from his license. But five million dollars and away he goes because insurance pays for it. It doesn't make logical sense to me. But. <SEP> It doesn't. That's.