How do you feel about capital punishment? I'm not certain that it does a lot of good. That it ends up effectively avoiding a lot of the crimes that have capital punishment penalties. You don't think. <SEP> Yet on the other hand I don't know. There is things that. Seems like it's the right thing to do. A serial killer or somebody goes in and machine guns fifty children in a school yard. You kind of. I don't know. What about yourself? I have the same dilemma I think. It seems right sometimes. And then other times you don't know. <SEP> People. I. It's been. The Arab societies and stuff end up having effective punishments. And they're extremely severe. I think to a certain degree the reason that it doesn't serve as a deterrent may be because you never know if it's going to be applied. In Arab societies. If you get caught stealing they chop off your hand. And you walk around the rest of your life with one hand. And everybody knows exactly what for. <SEP> And here with our court system and ways of sort of screwing it around and stuff you can kind of always count on the fact. Or there is a good chance you're going to get off. And also it doesn't seem like it does that many harm. Their life is taken. But they'd spend the rest of their life in jail anyway. So I think sometimes they'd prefer just to get it over with. So it's more of the easy way out than making them pay for what they've done. <SEP> Some people. <SEP> Except that the average cost to society of having somebody in jail for all their life is extremely high. Something I was amazed at. Per year. It's something like twenty thousand dollars per inmate per year. To keep people in jail. And it's sort of a crass perspective on the usage of capital punishment. <SEP> But on the other hand I don't know if that is that serious that they're really never going to be out of jail but then again also you can't bring back lives that have been taken anyway. So it's. It doesn't. It seems that by. I don't know. Doesn't ever really. <SEP> I know. You can't. It doesn't taking one more life doesn't get things back the way they were. It doesn't bring back every. <SEP> I don't know I really don't know What state are you in? I'm in Texas. <SEP> W-. In Dallas? I'm in Austin. <SEP> Where are you calling from? Right now I'm in Utah. But I'm from Plano Texas. I see. What are the laws like in Texas? <SEP> Texas is one of the s- I guess there is more and more states that are going back to capital punishment. Texas has had it for a while. It's one of the quickest. It. Once it was reallowed. I think it was outlawed for a while by the supreme court or the interpretation of the constitution. And it seems like everybody stopped. And then once they sort of reallowed it Texas was one of the first to actually implement it again. They do it by lethal injection. <SEP> I'm originally from Kansas. And in Kansas also they almost immediately put back capital punishment. And there they do it by hanging. Still they have. I still remember the movie IN COLD BLOOD. I don't know if you've ever. I'm sure you're familiar with it. But have you seen the movie? I haven't. <SEP> That way. And they do it that way? They show it. Not. The movie was made in nineteen sixty-two or something like that. <SEP> And so it's not particularly graphic. But on the other hand it's fairly impressive to watch them walk into the room with gallows. It's kind of a barn like structure. I think they're there. I think that capital punishment is in Utah also. I'm not really familiar. Is that right? Are you there in school? I am. <SEP> But I think they d-. A long time ago I remember my dad was telling me this that they do it by a bunch of men have guns. And one of them has the real gun in it. Has a. So they don't know who killed. <SEP> Has a real bullets. And the rest of them have blanks? I certainly wouldn't want to be the executioner. I know that. <SEP> I've always said that if I had to kill and clean and do my own meat I think I'd become a vegetarian. I know. As long as you're sort of safely removed from it it seems not so bad I guess.