What. How do you get your main source of current events? Until recently I was taking the WALL STREET JOURNAL. And I thought that was a good way. But I have about five different magazines that I get that keeps me up on things. It's a week or two late. But that's how I'm staying up. I either watch the news. Or occasionally I'll read the paper. <SEP> Do you like how it's presented on the news? I think the media's a little bit too manipulative. They allow you. They try to lead you too much I believe. And sometimes they're not very open. I don't know. I think they're a little bit biased sometimes. Like for example the Kennedy rape case. The coverage on that was. When it first happened it was he was guilty he was guilty he was guilty. They try to have you form opinions or whatever. And then I didn't like the things that were going on when we had Desert Storm and stuff like that. Basically I think they don't present the whole sides of everything. So it makes you feel like they're wanting you to take their opinion. Instead of reporting the news it's more like an editorial on a lot of issues. <SEP> I've noticed that too. And it's kind of distressing isn't it? <SEP> And I've noticed that they do it just with subtle little words usually just that sway the whole report by just a couple of words. When I was in school I was a communications major. So I'm well aware of the little subtle words and persuasive speaking and so forth. So communications. Were you looking into becoming a reporter. Or. I was. And I ventured off in a whole entire different field. I went with the state. <SEP> And I went with the Department of State Treasurer in retirement disability. Calculate benefits. I bet that's a interesting job. So the. And working for state government you hear all about current events about things going on within the state itself. So that's another source where I keep up with current events. And. <SEP> There's one that I'm reading right now. It's INFORMATION WEEK. It says A T and T to account for the benefits that the A I C P A now says you have to show as a liability. It's going to cost them seven point five billion after tax charge in ninety-three to account for that. It's a lot of money. <SEP> And it'll drop their earnings by a hundred million a year forever more. It's a lot of money. It is. And you have to stay up on stuff. And I bet in your job that you have to. Do you read the WALL STREET JOURNAL? I primarily deal with the state employees. But I find interesting tidbits in what the news reports as far as the state of North Carolina's budget and stuff like that. And I really know what the budget is. And when they were saying we were so poor and they couldn't pay taxes and pay people their income tax refunds and things like that. And I'm well aware of the billions of assets that the state has. And it's just funny. So that's. So I don't have a whole lot of faith in the news. Course it's. They get what they hear from. But it's not always one hundred percent reliable. <SEP> Can you think of anything that could be done to make our news media more accurate and objective? I think they need to go into a little bit more depth before they would just report somebody wants to make a statement or something like that. Because another example is the AIDS issue or whatever. Someone said I found a cure. They immediately. The headlines on the news or whatever is Someone says they found a cure for AIDS. And then two months later it's discovered it's not. Before they come out with something like that they need to research the matter a little bit more. I guess they do that so they don't get scooped. So they have the big story. That. I. It. I think the.