. You think you're getting your money's worth? Never. <SEP> The only thing I'm thankful of is that we don't have to pay any income tax in Texas. That's probably the next year's agenda. I tell you what. I sure hope they don't pass something like that. They're finding a way to tax you every time you turn around. And I think one way or the other we're going to pay for the bureaucracy I guess. It's one area that is really hurting the economy more than anything. I think every time you turn around they have taking more bite out of the dollars that are available for spending for any kind of products. And I think that is probably as big a item fueling the recession as anything right now. <SEP> I tell you. I remember every time it seems like we turned around they're adding another nickel or a few more cents onto the price of gasoline. That's right. That's right. <SEP> And actually that one the taxes on gasoline don't bug me as much as eight and a quarter percent sales tax? That's right. And every time you go to buy anything now. Even they tax food. That's the one that really kind of bothers me. I think that the problem with the sales tax of course is it's an unfair tax across the board as far as ability to pay which allegedly taxes are supposed to be directed towards. But now people with the lowest income pay a hundred percent almost of taxes on everything they buy and where people make two hundred three hundred thousand dollars a year certainly a portion of that they aren't going to be paying taxes on. And that's the unfair inequities of sales tax as a main source of revenue. But I don't think it is anymore not in Texas anyway. <SEP> I got you because people that don't make very much money wind up spending it all. That's right. That's right. Whatever they spent it on they have to pay tax on. That's right. That's right. And that's the unfairness of the thing. But I think taxes generally are unfair. So. <SEP> What do you think of that new luxury car tax anything over thirty thousand dollars? Like other things if they don't affect you you don't worry about them too much. I have trouble buying a twenty thousand dollar car still. So it doesn't. I think generally the prices of cars have gotten out of line which is. <SEP> And I guess if people got thirty forty thousand bucks to spend on a car that's their prerogative. I don't have a whole of sympathy on that. Maybe you buy that. And I don't mean to be knocking. I haven't. But to me it seems really interesting that they come along and add another ten percent tax on top of it. And there's an awful lot of cars that cost more than thirty thousand. There are. There are. And the idea of that kind of taxation is to have people think twice on putting their money into that unless they really want it buy something that. More it's just like having taxes on or exemptions for kids. It's a way of increasing the population that was one of the initial ideas of giving exemptions on kids on federal taxes. <SEP> And where you exempt things like one of the best things I heard on taxes to stimulate the economy someone brilliant deductor probably Lloyd Bentsen said that if they gave back the deductions on credit cards on your federal taxes people would probably be spending more money using their credit cards. <SEP> I don't know if that's true or not. But if you look on all interest things not just credit cards but on your cars and any kind of interest that you're paying from a personal point of view that might make certain sense in stimulating consumer purchasers. So that's a lot of the games that politicians play on where they want to go tax things that they don't to a degree like booze. Example they keep raising the taxes on booze. It gets to the point it makes drunks sober. They quit buying it. <SEP> What about the taxes on cigarettes?