They tell you what our topic was? I think golf isn't it? <SEP> How much of a golfer are you? Are you a hacker? You bet. <SEP> I'm fifty years old. I've been a hacker. I think I played better golf when I was fifteen John than I play right now. I know I did. <SEP> I know I did. And. Course I know I watch my thirteen year old play now. And it's like they don't have a muscle in their body. I know. It's just unreal. I'm a guy that plays. If I play a lot of golf I play six to eight times a year. And that's about it. I figure that's my retirement game. I really. I come from a family of golfers. <SEP> I was raised by a man my stepfather who with a two handicap he could get down on his knees and hit the ball further than most people could hit it. My mother who is now seventy-one I can remember her being a sixteen or a fourteen handicap. <SEP> But all they did every day in their life was to play golf every. They'd leave work and go to a golf course or a little country club they belonged to back in Richmond Virginia and just play nine holes of golf. That was their deal. They. <SEP> That's what it takes. You need to play that often to get a really good handicap. But I just never could do it. I have a brother-in-law who is an ex-college coach and like a pro. And he has a very good handicap and plays good golf. Sort of like the non golfer golfer of the family. <SEP> I went to. I decided this past year that I was going to get out and start playing a lot more. And I went after it. And and I really didn't find much improvement. Fact ever time I'd start trying to correct something it seemed like the score would go back up. I think I need to. <SEP> I probably need to take some more lessons and practice more often. Spend more time on the. I think I'm probably the same way. Lessons do help. I know ever year we buy. I go to this Ducks Unlimited dinner. It's a hunter's type affair. <SEP> And I buy in Austin Texas. I go down to Austin. I live in the Dallas area but I go down to Austin and go with my good customer and friend of mine. And we always buy this weekend at a country club in the hill country. At Horseshoe Bay. <SEP> I'm familiar with it. And we just have a ball. And we play three days in a row three different courses. And course by the end of the third day and the end of the third course my score has gone from a hundred and twenty down to about a hundred and five. So. <SEP> If you play regular I think it makes a big difference. You bet. So that makes a lot of difference to me. I've also found too I try to work out regularly. And when I am doing that and feeling loose and that I swing better. I get through the ball better. And I also if I. I found as I've gotten a little older here I worry less about my distance. You bet. <SEP> And I. My control is a little bit better there. So. That's super. I haven't learned to hit the ball easy. And I just sort of. <SEP> I'm always wanting to hit it hard. And that's something my stepfather never could teach me just to relax and hit the ball. And subsequently when I do tire out from playing like twelve fourteen holes a lot of my energy's gone. When I do swing it's an easier swing. And I do actually hit the ball better. <SEP> Have you ever tried a one iron? I have a two through wedge. I hit a two iron awful lot. Off the tee. I don't hit a driver off the tee. That's why I need my driving lessons. <SEP> I put mine back in my bag this year too. And I used a three wood rather than a driver. That helps. I had a lot more control on it. I sacrificed distance. But I wasn't in trouble every time I got down the fairway. That's a good idea. I think this next year I'm going to attempt to play more. And I'm going to do the same thing. I laid off my woods about three years ago. And I just use a two wood off the fairway. And I'm a fairly strong person. So I get a pretty good little drive. <SEP> And and I guess control my irons better. If you'll take lessons the first thing they put in your hand is an iron. And I still remember that watching myself and my son. But I think the key is you need to play more often than I play. <SEP> I read recently here they say if you're scoring well you should play more. If you're scoring poorly you should spend more time on the practice range. I think there is less frustration factor there too. Makes good sense. <SEP> But I. The one iron is something I've been thinking because my driver's gone so badly lately that I should pick one up and try to start. Apparently they're very difficult to play with. But with practice I would imagine you could groove that swing too. And I play with a fellow that can knock a one iron. It's incredible. And his accuracy is what's so startling with it. And I. But it's an iron that he's really practiced with. He has used a lot. And it would be fun to get that good with. Uh distance iron. You bet. <SEP> My challenge of the game is just if I can get off the first tee when everyone's standing around watching you I'd be great after that. That. I just. If I get off the tee box and I've anything from a hundred fifty to two hundred yard drive through a straight I just want to get down and kiss the ground. <SEP> And get away without embarrassing yourself. Because.