All set then. What do you think about it? I think it's a real good concept. Drug testing procedures would have to be refined. <SEP> From what I've seen on the news there's a pretty good size problem with poor accuracy poor procedure in drug testing. I didn't realize that. There have been people who have been turned down for jobs because there was a drug showed up in their test. But they didn't know for sure what it was. But it was a drug. So they got turned down. And turns out it was a prescription. Or people getting somebody else's blood test. <SEP> Same sort of problem that happens sometimes is some of these AIDS tests and such. That's right. I have heard. I don't remember what they call it sort of like a positive negatives or some kind of word they use when you get a positive indication of drugs. But there weren't really any there. <SEP> Every now and then there's an error. And people are really upset about that when it comes to their rights and their rights being violated. I work here at Texas Instruments. So do we everyone coming in. I guess I did three years ago. <SEP> Everyone coming in goes through the drug testing procedure. And they talk about it as better for the country and better for the working conditions. So if they test for drugs. <SEP> I can't even remember if we do random sampling anymore. I know we did in the military. But I don't know if once you're in they continue to do it. But I guess you're always on call for it. <SEP> I not very long ago worked for Wal-Mart. And about a year and a half ago they instituted a drug and alcohol testing program. It's not a random. <SEP> Through the s-. It. As each employee comes in part of the hiring procedure is a blood test. But I think the big problem though is they send these off to large labs. B-. <SEP> And then they have thousands and thousands of samples going through it in a day and bottles get mixed up things like that. So your big beef with it is the. <SEP> It's. It's a good idea. But like you said the drug testing procedures need to be defined a little better. Make sure it's a lot safer because a couple of people are going to be discriminated against unfairly or whatever. I tend to agree with you David. <SEP> My brother used to work for Wal-Mart. And then I don't know if he still does or what because I don't know if Sam's is actually part of it. But he is working at Sam's now. <SEP> Sam's is part of Wal-Mart. Then he's been working for the company for a while too. He. Good company. <SEP> You all have some. He's telling me about good profit sharing and all that. Company's that was a great place to work. So. <SEP> It's good news. They had two or three years in with them you can start buying stock. And you have a little taken out of your check each payday to put. Against Wal-Mart stock. <SEP> But you can build a pretty fair amount of stock after a while. That's what my brother was telling me. That's good deal. How long were we s-. I haven't done this in a couple months. How long were we supposed to discuss for? <SEP> You're supposed to get five minutes. We got a couple more minutes then I guess. Think what else I can say about that. Do you have any idea. Let's see. You were tested for drugs as you got into T I? Everyone coming in goes through the drug test. <SEP> Were you asked to wait before starting to work until the drug test came through. Or. Let me think about that. It was after I had already been hired. You get hired then you come in the first. I. Seems to me I remember that I was hired came in and went through some orientation. And I thought I. I can't remember. That would seem strange to already be working here in the first week of the drug test. Maybe it was during the interview. I came up a couple times for an interview. So it's hard for me to remember where I was when all that happened. But just like other companies other friends I've been hearing about that have been moving around. It's before. They have to wait for the drug test to come in before you actually get employment. So I'm sure that happened to me too. <SEP>. What about. They just instituted it there at Wal-Mart. <SEP> So. It was after I was already working there. And they weren't testing any of those who were already working. <SEP> So.