Tell me what you think about the Vietnam war. I'm a Vietnam era veteran. And I was fortunate not to have to serve in the theater. However my support roll in the service was to support those in the theater of operation. I'm of the old school that believes that the contracts that we made back years ago needed to be honored. However I think we could have executed the war and gotten it over a whole lot quicker. But those are my personal thoughts. And I think that if we'd let the generals run the war like we let the generals run World War Two we'd had got it over a whole lot quicker and lost a lot fewer people. But as it was the politicians ran the Korean conflict and ultimately the Vietnam thing. And we managed to come out losers all the way around. And so this is what ultimately triggered us United States per se deciding to get out of the role of world policeman. Your views. As I understand it we got in there because of France. <SEP> France was there first. They had. We got into it because of SEATO agreement back just right after World War Two that we pledged a mutual defense of the South Vietnamese. And as it turned out they were in a civil war one with another. And really we. I question us now. Of course hindsight is all too clear. <SEP> So we have to deal with the situation as we played it. Jerry what did you think of people like Jane Fonda another anti-war activist. I. Don't get me started on those people. Before Jane Fonda did what she did I thought she was a wonderful person. But after. I just don't want anything to do with her any more. Because you support your government. Right or wrong? <SEP> Right or wrong. I don't think we can determine whether we were right or wrong. Because you're having to deal with again. I think we could have made a different agreement back in the late forties era that would have kept of there. I didn't realize that we'd signed some type of deal like that. I thought we came in as first advisors to the French and then they decided to pull out. And. <SEP> Can you hold just a second Terry? One moment. Wonder what happens to this little beastie on call waiting or something. Fascinating. That's not. <SEP> Sorry for the delay. That's okay. This is. The mutual defense thing was. We. It was complicated. And I don't think everybody knows the whole situation. I don't. But what I can gather is we went and said we will help the South Vietnamese should they ask. The French went in and tried their old style warfare and got soundly thrashed. And we didn't do a whole lot better. I had thought that they had colonies there or something. <SEP> That was the old French colony but the French were our allies in NATO. And they're also our allies in SEATO which was the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization which has since been disbanded as far as I know. NATO is on the way of being disbanded. But the French we go in as an ally to the French and says we'll help you out if you get in a bind. They got in a bind and says we don't want to play any more. <SEP> So we kind of got the ball rolling ourselves versus a bunch of top secret silly operations and then the full scale troops et cetera et cetera et cetera. I'm thirty-two. So I bar-. I missed it. Seventy-four is when they quit sending troops. Roughly. I was just probably three or four years.