Return anything. The only things that I have returned have not been faulty. <SEP> It's been because of the size or some problem like that. I really haven't had to return things because they didn't perform the way they were supposed to. Most the time they have a pretty good guarantee. The only thing I've had lately is my kids got all these Barbie kind of toys for Christmas. And it takes them less than a day. And they're broken in one way or another. But I don't know if that's just kids or if that's. Maybe those type of products should be for older kids. <SEP> What age are your children? I have a five and a half and a three and a half year old that play with them. And I don't think they're unduly rough. But maybe they are. I don't know. But a lot of the little Barbie sets they come with real little pieces. And they're easily lost and easily broken. But. <SEP>. My daughter is twenty-one now. So it's been a while since we've had Barbie things. It's been a while since they've gone through the Barbie stuff. <SEP> But we did have Barbies and things. And there. Seems to me that that became a craze when she was already third fourth fifth grade. So she wasn't in it for very long before she was out of it. But I don't remember her breaking a lot of stuff. Don't remember her breaking. <SEP> I don't. But I also don't remember lots of little pieces. They've got so many different things with it now. That's one thing they've got. They've got every type of imaginable. Camping on the beach and all of these come with tiny tiny little plates and little sunglasses. And. My three and a half year old has wanted this Ken doll. And so I finally got her a Ken doll. And less than a week later the arm was broken. <SEP> But they were real good about replacing it. That's one nice thing is they're real good about replacing it. I guess if they'll replace them then they assume they shouldn't have broken. Those little arms are supposed to twist almost any way. And. <SEP> Any direction. She's not that big of a girl that I think could really take a grip on it like a bigger kid could. <SEP>. The main thing that they had when my daughter was playing with Barbies was just clothes. <SEP> That was about it. That was about it. And the Barbie doll itself is usually pretty durable and that kind of stuff. But. <SEP> And the main thing my kids seem to be into nowadays are electronics. My children are twenty-one and twenty-five and twenty-eight. Is that right? And. Do you see that there's a big problem with electronic things? <SEP> Not really. We haven't had that much problem with things that we have bought. They seem to last. In fact when they offer us extended warranties we don't buy them because we find we don't need them. Don't buy them because you don't need them. <SEP> And it seems like it's just an added tack on. Plus a lot of the credit cards now will guarantee. If you purchase on your credit card then they put an extended warranty on it if it doesn't work or if you have a problem with it in a certain period of time. So it seems like it's a waste of money. <SEP> You almost assume if you're going to have problems with it it's usually before that warranty would expire. Any. The first one. And on a recliner once I bought an extended warranty for cleaning and stuff like that. And I never used it. You never even needed it. <SEP> And so it seems ridiculous. And washers and dryers and things like that I've never had one go out. In fact they usually. When they do go out it's either something my husband can buy the part and fix. And we don't even have a repairman come. Or it means it's old enough that it's time to replace the whole thing. It's time to replace it. <SEP>. So. I think these extended warranties are gimmicks really. <SEP> I do too. A lot of it. When we first married we bought one on our T V. And that there's. After the first five years. And it was ridiculous. And they charge you a pretty good price for them too. They're a pretty healthy price. And you're trying to think maybe I'll need this. You always think if I say no then I won't. <SEP> But. My husband finally just put his foot down. I don't know. <SEP> And he said we're not going to buy any of these anymore. And if it goes out. You probably got your worth out of it anyway. <SEP> So we really have been fairly happy with things. But now we take good care of things. And we don't run out and buy a lot of things either. And since our kids aren't little anymore I'm not buying a lot of those little things that can get broken. The little. You probably are real careful of the brands you buy. And when you do buy things you probably watch what type of. You look at the consumer guide. <SEP> And you go around. And you look at the different ones and find the ones that have the.