Did you watch the Bulls this morning? You know what. I watched a little bit of the Bulls game. And I had to leave. In fact I think the Bulls were ahead when I left. Who won the game? They won in a squeaker. They won by two points. <SEP> Is that right? They were behind as they headed into each quarter. And then they came back in the second half. And at the end I think they looked like they were closing it out. And then Detroit kept coming back. And Isaiah missed a three point attempt at the end. <SEP> And I think the Bulls won by two. Don't they have the best record now? I think they do as a matter of fact. <SEP> One of the commentators said that they expected that the Bulls would set an N B A record for seventy wins in a season. They looked real good. And. <SEP> They do. And they. I think by relieving some of the pressure off of. Michael Jordan really helped them out. They don't have to rely on him to score thirty or forty points at every game. So. They're balancing their attack. And I think they look like they'll repeat although here in the Bay Area people are real impressed with what Don Nelson's done with the Warriors. <SEP> I know. I'm. I saw just a little bit of the highlights of the Warriors Dallas game. I saw the second half of the game last night. And they were impressive. They look good. Billy Owens looks like he was. That was a good move for the Warriors to trade for him. <SEP> I haven't kept up with what was going on with the. They traded away Mitch Richmond. Or is it Tim Hardaway. One of the two who along with Chris Mullen was. Though three were three of the best in the N B A. And they made a heck of a threesome. And they traded either Richmond or Hardaway to Sacramento for Billy Owens. And. <SEP> Good move. He's really worked out well. The Warriors have got a team. And I think that will be real interesting to see what they can do. They're ahead. And the Lakers are down in fourth position in the west. And I don't know. In the east I don't know. Is it Boston in first place? <SEP> I think Boston's in first. I haven't kept up with any of the other teams. I'm so depressed with the Dallas Mavericks. They've had a hard time. They said they've lost a lot of squeakers. <SEP> That. But just this whole year has been just disastrous for them. And I think they're going for an all time record of how many losses in a row they can pull out. It's unbelievable. How do people in Texas deal with Dallas Houston and San Antonio. Do you for example like San Antonio in Dallas? <SEP> Actually the Dallas area here pulls for Dallas. San Antonio pulls for San Antonio. And Houston pulls for the Rockets. So there isn't much crossover. Y-. <SEP> There really. Not a whole lot. You find them to be pretty loyal with the local teams. I guess it's kind of like there in the Bay area you don't find a whole lot of Sacramento fans. It's true. Because San Antonio isn't that close to you are they? <SEP> Really isn't. It's about the same distance from here to San Antonio as it is from there to Sacramento. Is it? <SEP> So it's not something you'd drive. So it's not really a local. I was thinking maybe David Robinson made a bit of a difference with kids and that sort of thing. <SEP> He does a lot of local stuff there in San Antonio. And they have got a great club. They've done a good job. Of course drafting a franchise like him certainly. <SEP> That always makes a big difference. That's. I think that's the way it works now in basketball. Magic was a franchise for the Lakers and Bird for the Celtics. <SEP> And. And I used to think that one player really doesn't make a club. But it really does. It. <SEP> You get somebody like Magic. And you can see the decline in that team. Once he left it's not the same team. There's not the leadership there that they used to rely on him for. I think you're right. And I think Isaiah Thomas would fit in Detroit. And I think those things do make a difference. And there are marquee players. And I think Jordan and the Bulls have to be considered the likely favorites. <SEP> I don't know who would meet them in the west. I don't know how good Portland will turn out to be by the end of the year. They were so disap-. Who won that Portland game? I watched only a few minutes of it. And I wasn't paying attention. And so I don't know. <SEP> But Phoenix and Portland have both been very good clubs. And.