I spent four years as a university professor. And. <SEP> I spent three years. I'm teaching in public schools and elementary school. Do you really? <SEP> That's great. I taught in Utah. And Did you teach in California? No kidding. <SEP> W-. I did. <SEP> I did. You sound pretty young for a university professor. I was pretty young. I was. I had never intended to do it. And I was given the opportunity after I'd started a management consulting firm to teach in one of the business schools in the California State University system. <SEP> At any rate the topic is fascinating because one of the things I've done for the past few years is research the problem from the point of view of what appears to be working best and how you can explain it theoretically. You may be familiar with cooperative learning. Have you ever. <SEP> You can tell me a little bit more about it because I don't think we did that in Utah. The cooperative learning is a technique that was tried initially to integrate the public schools. And what it involves basically is the use of peer groups. And the teacher becomes a sort of a resource person to the learning cooperatives. And there are some fairly sophisticated approaches that are used in the high schools with point systems and things like that so that people gain a competence with respect to the material. <SEP> I think that the combination of technology and techniques like that together with marketplace forces will bring about a revolution in the way we learn. I think there is a direct threat to vested interest in the public school system that will stand in the way of that progress being a little faster. School systems are in too many states dominated by administrators. And both teachers and parents complain about the cost and ineffectiveness that results. My feeling is that the problem is significant. There are plenty of good people available to offer people educational experience. But that we just have to reallocate and reorganize the resources to do it. And I think certain techniques and technologies will influence all of that as well as research of the sort that people like me do looking at theories of behavior and how they can be used to improve performance particularly accelerate the pace of learning. <SEP> And my feeling is that those kinds of things will solve the problem eventually. I don't know what form it will ultimately take. But I think that the future is pretty bright because people recognize that we're paying an enormous price for inferior quality when the people involved really aren't inferior. So it must be the way we're managing the process that. I see what year saying. I totally agree. I don't think it's a matter of talented people to do it both as quote unquote students and as teachers. But clearly what's happened in this country is the school system's been asked to assume a great many responsibilities in the past thirty years that weren't existent. <SEP>. You must see kids with real significant problems in some cases. Course I always see the. I don't know how hard is it in the public school system in Iowa City? Is it deteriorated a lot. Do the people say. Are they pretty happy with it. Or. <SEP> I haven't taught in Iowa. But I've taught in Utah. And people there were saying that the way that the schools were going a lot of people were going away and going to private schools or else going to where they taught their kids at home. Or anything but the public schools and the ones that did have the kids. Even in Utah. <SEP> Maybe it was the area I was in. Utah's a place where you wouldn't think that problem would be very severe. But a lot of schools had a lot of transient families and a lot of families who were on the poorer side. And. So you saw a fair number of troubled kids. <SEP> You said how the schools are doing more things for the kids than they were thirty years ago. The school I was teaching at the year I left they were considering providing hot breakfast for the kids. <SEP> As well as hot lunch. And.