As far as I'm concerned it's probably apt that your call's at this time because we just got through watching REASONABLE DOUBTS. Which had a capital case in it. And I personally have. My own feelings about capital punishment is I think it should be mandatory upon a third conviction felony. <SEP> I do too. Mandatory summary execution on the steps that day. I think I'm in that same. I think if it's a convicted felon on parole and he goes out and commits another crime or kills somebody I feel the same way. <SEP> I think that person is beyond rehabilitation. And he should be taken out. I also firmly believe that no one is beyond reclamation. But I do know that almost all people usually die before that point. <SEP> They just get too old. As far as capital punishment on it's own merits I have the trouble with the way it's applied. I think it should be applied on a little bit more fair manner. And I've said this very often. And I believe it to be a very true axiom. So I would rather be white rich and guilty than black and innocent. Because if you're black and you kill a white guy you're going to fry. <SEP>. They will kill you. <SEP> And if you're black and you kill a black guy it's two hundred hours of community service. You don't hear too much of those cases. It's a social disease that we have called one upsmanship. <SEP>. We're the majority. So we can do whatever the hell we want to do. <SEP> That's right. And you're the minority. And you're stuck with it. But we had this in the Vietnam war. We had. Population of blacks among military people in Vietnam was about eighty percent. <SEP> But the population of blacks in the military was about twenty-two percent. The handwriting's on the wall there isn't it? <SEP> It sure is. But that's another issue altogether. It's. As far as capital punishment I think that ten years on death row is cruel and unusual punishment. I think the guy should have ninety days. And if he can't produce evidence not argument but evidence. <SEP> The only thing I don't understand I guess I don't understand our judicial system as it is right now. Because if somebody has been convicted and has been sentenced to be put to death how is it that they can appeal and appeal and appeal and get stays of execution? How is there. <SEP> That goes back to when America was a colony of England. In England you went to court you were assumed guilty until proven innocent and once they found you guilty judge said he's guilty kill him. There were some people that had a problem with that. Because they found out later on that a guy will lie rather than get killed. <SEP>. And he'll say that guy did it not me. <SEP> Or he'll have somebody lie for him. People lie. It's a strange thing. But they do that. And to prevent that kind of misuse of power they wrote into the Constitution a protection against judicial mishap. <SEP>. And the judicial mishap in this event would be you got the wrong guy. Look at that guy at E Systems. <SEP> They convicted him of a robbery that he could not physically have been able to commit. He was too far away when it happened. He had witnesses that were they weren't dope dealers they weren't drug fiends they were employees of an establishment that had a very high level of security sense too. And these were really responsible people. <SEP> And they convicted this guy because somebody says he looks like the right guy. They all look the same to me. <SEP> Big lips flat nose that was him. What do you think about convicted.