This is an unusual topic. What do you think about it? At first I. It took eight times to find you. So I told my husband. What should I say. And then he reminded me. But in his family what they usually do on his dad's side his mom or the aunts will send out little postcards two or three weeks before reminding everyone where to meet and just to bring anything. And so they just notify everyone by mail. And then they just meet at a park or something to have a small dinner type thing. That sounds great Ellen. How far away do they come from? <SEP> They all meet in Portland. And they come as far as Seattle. And sometimes we've gone. And we were living in Utah at the time. And his dad's family is all around the area. And his mom's side of the family they all have their family reunions in southern Utah. And people would come from Seattle to there Nevada and in that area Washington and Nevada to southern Utah. And each time they had a reunion they'd assign a different person to be in charge of notifying everybody. That makes sense. Nobody's out of a lot of trouble more than once. <SEP> And the people who are down there they'll assign one person in the Utah area one person in the Washington area. And that person can call beforehand and just make sure everyone knows too. And then they just sort of do a little program or something like that so that everyone's sort of involved. <SEP> That's interesting. You sound like you've had a lot of experience with this then. That's my husband's side and my family. We all live in southern California. So we just have to either or give a formal invite. <SEP> And we're all there. So. Southern California's still pretty large. L A Orange County area. Everyone's mostly not farther than an hour away. I see. <SEP>. My experience has been limited pretty much lately to my mother's side of the family. <SEP> Years ago there was a big dispute on my dad's side. And they haven't had a reunion since then. They just show up at funerals and weddings. It was pretty serious and lot of yelling and all that. <SEP> But my mother's side we had our first real reunion that I've ever gone to last summer. And they had people come in from out of town. And they took some rooms down at a Holiday Inn. And they had some activity. They had a nice dinner planned and all of that stuff. And people got up and talked about various parts of the family tree. And a lot of that sort of thing. Since it was the first one that we'd had you could do that once. Next time we have one. We'll have to think of something more creative to do. That's interesting because one thing that always brings to my husband's mother's side together is they talk about the genealogy of the family tree every time. And inevitably everyone is just very interested. And they always have two or three new ones to add to the list someone's been born or someone passed away or something like that. <SEP> And so everyone has to update their little books or whatever. Do you have an interest in genealogy? <SEP> I do but not very much compared to my mother-in-law. Not a passion. <SEP> I suspect we'll do quite a bit more genealogy. And I suspect we will do more of it. I found out about some of the relatives I didn't even know their names some of the two or three generations back and some of the aunts and uncles. And there's a lot of things there you have to stop. They're really kind of fascinating. I found out my grandmother was one of a twin. <SEP> And we don't even know where the twin. We have virtually no background on the twin. <SEP> Is it your grandma's own sibling. And she. My grandmother's sister who would be somewhere in West Virginia. I'm sure she's dead now because my grandmother died about twenty years ago. I see. So. I'm probably a lot older than you are. <SEP> Maybe they just moved away and then sort of lost contact. I don't know.